audio check real quick. See if I can
hear myself.
All
right,
I'm gonna
live stream
the review. I was going to do it.
Usually takes me so much time to do
these things, the uh between the
compression software that makes the
the video for you guys to be able to see
it on YouTube, them putting it up on
YouTube, and they do all their business
with it.
it it just to save some time.
I'm probably going to have some uh
things in here that I would normally
want to edit out. You're just going to
have to just accept it. Okay. I'm really
short on time.
But we're looking at the dollar index
uh daily chart on the lefth hand side.
Uh we traded up into
nothing here is going to be time
sensitive. So, don't be upset with me if
you don't get the alert from YouTube or
or I didn't tweet it or or something to
that effect. This is just for my benefit
to get it done quickly. Uh, but we have
a old buy side of balance sellside
efficiency and that's we're we're stuck
inside that right now. So, it hasn't
really done much in regards to moving
beyond that. There's buy side resting
here
and then there is
the consequent encroachment of the
suspension block in here. We already
traded there. So any movement back down
in would be problematic in my opinion
because we've already done enough in
here for the suspension block to yield
its help in terms of supporting prices
and up into higher prices. So I don't
want to personally see if dollar stays
firm I don't want to see this
area in here give up the ghost I don't
want to see anything traded down below
consequent encouragement I don't even
want to see it trade back to it at all
now can it touch the lower quadrant of
that daily bounce sellside sign
efficiency that's shaded in pink here
can it do that sure can prefer it not do
that like it's done so far see how it's
come down real low to it but it hasn't
done the actual touch. So, that's good.
And you're going to hear my puppies in
the background cuz Piper's outside right
behind me and she's wanting me to go
outside and play with her. Her little
squeaky toy. So, I can't do anything
about that. These are all things I would
usually pause the video and edit it all
out, but I can't. I don't have the
luxury of doing that today. So, here's
the business on the fiveminute chart.
Dollar index. And we came down, cleared
some sellside here, there rallied up. We
had a breaker that's normally a bearish
structure when it's like this. And when
we trade above it, it acts as an
inversion breaker. We see that traded
here. And they left relative equal highs
up here. So this to me, you know,
it's kind of tricky to be honest with
you because we have these on the buy
side, but we also have the sell side
down here.
So that's why I'm telling you dollar
index is kind of like it can go either
way and either side getting hit here or
here could send it the other direction
to get the opposite liquidity. I'll give
you an example what I mean by that. It
could come down here take this liquidity
and then come all the way back up and
take that or it can come up here and
grab that and then go down here. So it's
kind of like a if then if it does this
then I'll do that. If it does that then
I'll do this. So,
I don't trade dollar index, but you
know, right now with all the things
that's going on around the world, you
know, I'm surprised that dollar is where
it's at right now, to be honest with
you, with gold, you know, surging above
4,000, you know, plus. Uh, it's just
well, it's a little
against the grain for a dollar to be
performing like it's doing here. I would
expect it to be in a smaller
consolidation or trading lower. That's
what I would expect. But it's not doing
that, which is in a way kind of like a
decoupling. And it's not surprising
because there's so many things going on
geopolitically, economically. You know,
our government's a bunch of clowns. You
all of those senators should have their
pay stopped and frozen. If they want to
shut the government down, they should
they should be part of the government
shutdown. Their pay stops. you know,
they want to stop the military pay
paychecks and whatnot, the federal
employees. If they get the pay cut
stopped, then the senators should have
to stop. Then we probably get things
done. But there's so many things going
on.
It is very difficult to just lean on the
dollar index because the dollar index is
not doing anything that you would expect
it to do right now given the climate,
given the technicals of everything else
that's going on in the marketplace. So
anyway, um
those are the two pools of liquidity I'm
looking for. So I'm kind of neutral on
dollar. I want to I want to see it stay
firm, but if it goes lower, it goes
lower to take this sell side. That's the
only interest I'd have. If it goes down
below that and then really starts to
fall out of bed,
then I think that we'll probably see
all-time highs resume in equities. And
I'll get to that in a minute when we go
get to the NASDAQ part, but I want to
kind of get through this stuff. So,
we're looking at uh Euro Dollar next.
All this is just is just my opinion. So,
none of this should be used for for
trading purposes or anything like that.
We did disclaimer down in the video
description. It's always there. So, the
business here on the Euro dollar, uh, we
had buy sell side efficiency. I sent
these charts in the levels I was
interested in on Telegram this morning
cuz I I started thinking to myself like
if I don't share the levels I'm
interested in beforehand, it won't have
the same impact I hope would would have
when I shared the analysis or not the
analysis but the the call out on NASDAQ
on X. If you're not following me on X,
uh I'll do my best to try to remember to
put the link to the post I'm going to
refer to here in this in this
discussion, but uh over 700,000 of you
saw me tweet about it and call it you to
the tick today. So, looking at Euro
Dollar,
uh we're we're sitting inside of a
pretty difficult sloppy range in here.
Um, I think personally, uh, because
we've made it jagged on the upside here,
a deeper retracement down into this buy
side and balance sellside efficiency is
warranted. I think it would be, um,
helpful,
but reverse the script for a second.
Play devil's advocate in your own
analysis. And this is what I like to do.
If I'm wrong, how would I be wrong? And
what would it be going for if I'm wrong?
Well, we have relative equal highs and
that are real, real smooth. And that's
really sold the idea that that's strong
what retail resistance and you can
already see they're trying to you muscle
their way up in there. So we dug down
into this buy side balance sell sign
efficiency on the daily charts already.
And if we can muster the strength to get
back above
the immediate rebalance I showed here on
the the daily chart. It's trading at
essentially the 11649.
So that's
above these obviously. So if it runs
that and goes above and closes on a
closing base on the daily chart above
the immediate rebalance, then we're
probably looking at some kind of
internal shift that would pre
potentially send dollar lower or stay in
a very narrow consolidation permitting
the euro and cable and other uh FX pairs
to move without its participation. as
you would expect it to be the opposite.
Whatever the currency like euro, cable,
um, yen, whatever, they would go one
direction and dollar would go the other.
That's the normal dichotomy between. But
it's not always like that. Sometimes the
dollar is held
and then the other currencies are
allowed to to move around. And when it's
like that, you will see the crosses like
Euro pound, euroyen,
um Aussie yen, all the the non
dollarbased
currency pairs, they will do exceedingly
well. They'll have a whole lot more
movement and they'll have freedom to
allow the market to do whatever, you
know, wherever it wants to go. it'll go
there quickly and it'll do it
dynamically all the while while the
dollar index doesn't do anything at all
which sometimes is confusing for someone
that's trying to trade forex but that's
a you that's a condition that can happen
in the marketplace.
So
moving on into I kind of like quickly
want to get into the NASDAQ because I'm
not so much interested in Forex. I know
majority of you are Forex freaks, but uh
I just I'm not touching those currency
pairs, but I promised I would give my
opinion on them for whatever it's worth.
And you may not think it's worth much at
all.
That's okay. It's free.
All right. So, here is the
cable market. Okay. And I shared these
uh charts in the Telegram channel this
morning.
And you can see this discount I'm sorry
this yeah it's a discount array but it's
a premium wick. So when price is up here
and it's trading down
the natural tendency is to think okay
well classic support and resistance
theory would be this down here is where
they would expect price to trade down to
that low and then bounce or break below
it retest and keep going lower. I'm not
supporting resistance.
School of thought from ICT would be
while you're up here, it might want to
trade down to this candlesticks open,
which is to change in a state of
delivery for the order blocks furthest
uh
discount candle. This this is the lowest
one in the series of all these down
close candles. So, that would be a
change in the state of delivery. It
would be reasonable to expect that, but
I'm not. If I'm looking for lower
prices, I would look for that as a like
a speed bump, maybe a mile marker, but I
would want to see it then get into this
wick. Okay, so that's the reason why I
shared these levels in here. And also
this one, this would be the one that
would you would use. Let me bring it a
little bit wider so you can see it. I
know some of you guys complain, but you
should be able to zoom in on the
playback. If not, I don't know why you
wouldn't be able to. But here is the
premium wick. When price is up here and
it's trading down, that's going to act
as a inversion. So if it's premium on
the candlestick, but price is above it,
the algorithm will see that as a
discount array. And we treat wicks like
gaps. So in in full theory, it would
look like this.
All levels
for this. And I'm just going to take
this one off just for for clarity sake.
There might be a little too many things
on the chart for you to follow along.
But in here, this premium wick is a
level that the market will draw into
when price is above it. So, if market
price is above this specific
candlestick, and you're probably
thinking, well, why am I using this one
and not this one? Because isn't this the
tallest one, the highest one? It is, but
you got to think in terms of when prices
are high and the market price is above
every PD rate that you would have in
indicated on your chart. This is the
lowest wick. So, this would be the most
in terms of a premium wick. Every every
wick above the candlestick's body, this
would be the candlestick that you would
or I would rather anticipate reaching
down into if there is no interest at all
trading to consequent I'm not changing
state. See that would be an edit point
right there. The opening of this price
here would be the change to say
delivery. So for order block PD uh array
that would be the the level to draw to.
But what happens if it doesn't want to
go down there? Then you have to consider
every one of these wicks. And since
there's a series of them, you want to
concern yourself with what's the lowest
one it could trade to, and it's this one
here. There's nothing wrong with grading
this wick here. And you if you do it,
you'll see there's levels that it's
tapping and using. But in terms of a D
retracement moving lower, my eye goes
right here because that's going to be
treated as a gap.
Moving over to market price. Now you can
see we traded down to the lowest
quadrant, but not the low of that wick.
Piper's really trying to get my
attention. I'm not sure if you guys can
hear her squeaky toy, but it's driving
me nuts. But here's the open of that
candlestick and it's this price here.
But the lower quadrant, not the high,
not the upper quadrant, not the
consequent encroachment, but the lower
quadrant level at 1.32495.
That level there is exactly what you see
delivered to here.
And price rallied above. And then we use
the high of that wick right there, which
is at 1.32822.
Hits it here and then it rallies and
starting to run back up. So looking at
these highs here, we have potentially a
high probability candidate for drawing
liquidity because we have the lower high
to the right than that one. So your buy
side should be drawn on at around the
13370 level or thereabouts.
And then your sell side would obviously
be the low here and then into this
candlestick's open and then you would
grade that wick down here if it starts
to break down lower. But we've had
several attempts now. We hit the high of
it, this wick here. We hit that one. We
went to the upper quadrant, failed to
get to consequent encouragement. And
then we went through consequent
encouragement and went right to the
lower quadrant of that one there. And
this is a lot of give back. So if I were
short, I' I'd be concerned because we've
already done enough reaching down here.
So where it's at now, you know, it's
it's concerned for short-term bearish,
you know, bearishness.
Uh gold, I said I would talk about that
this week. And let's do that now.
I shared again these charts. Uh, see, Z
is the contract month, delivery,
December.
And you can do everything I'm showing
you here. Everything I'm showing you
with the futures contract for gold. When
you're when you're tape reading, we're
not trading. I'm not giving you trade
advice. I'm not giving you investment
advice. I'm not telling you to buy or
sell anything. But when you're looking
at your your levels in relationship to
what I'm showing you here on the futures
contract,
pull up the symbol GC Z205
like you just watched me do here. And
then if you are a CFD trader, if you're
outside the United States because we're
not allowed legally to trade them in the
US, but I know there's a lot of you that
are students around the world that you
don't have the luxury of trading the
futures contract unless you're trading
these funded account companies, which
you're still not trading the futures uh
contract anyway. You're in a demo
account. But in deference to the folks
that are trading CFDs,
you want to match up the time candle
that I'm anchoring to on the futures
contract. Everything I'm showing you
here, match that up to the time candle
for your CFD. So, AU, I'm sorry, X AUSD,
for instance, if that's what you're
going to be trading with or not trading
with, but doing you doing your analysis
and studying with, that would be uh how
you match this up. Okay? So, everything
I'm going to show you here, you do the
same thing that way. I gave you some
hints the other day about using the uh
the same times that I use for regular
trading hours for equities and we'll
cover a little bit more detail about
that in a moment. But uh the daily chart
here on the lefth hand side you see we
had a buy side of balance sell side
efficiency is shaded in blue. Uh notice
that it had no interest at all getting
down to the upper quadrant. It used the
top the top end of the which is this
candlesticks low. It hit once here twice
and then said I got to go. And that is
what you want to see when you're in a
bullish market. When you're looking for
bullishness, you do not want to see my
fair value gaps traded down into. You
don't want to see them go to their
quadrants. You certainly don't want to
see them go to consequent encroachment.
You don't want to see them completely
close in. Um there's so many people out
there that think that, you know, I want
every inefficiency closed in or it must
close in. That's not what I taught. I'm
not Chris Lori. That's what Chris Lori
teaches. That stuff is flawed logic. You
have to have inefficiencies left open to
indicate what? Strength. And if you're
bullish, you want to see inefficiencies
not be offered as a a fulfillment lower.
Because if the premium is real and and
it's an instrument that is technically
undervalued,
why would they offer the discount price?
They wouldn't. If you had the hottest
thing right now that everybody wanted to
buy at Christmas time, would you offer
sale prices on it? No. You're going to
keep increasing the price higher,
higher, higher. Well, that's what the
algorithm does. It just keeps offering
higher price. And everybody's doing
market orders all the time. There's
somebody out there doing a market order
all the time. That's why when I tell you
stop looking at these DOMs, these depth
of markets, these ladders, you these
level two things. There's no advantage
in that because the same number of
contracts above the marketplace price
and below. It's it's a it's a bracket.
There's no advantage. There's no
imbalance at all. There's the same
number of contracts spread across
everything. Okay? If you look at it that
way, and the only thing you have is a
religion believing that that has some
kind of insight that's yielding to you
the prognostication that you hope it
has. And there's it's just an illusion.
Now, when we're looking at
inefficiencies like this, we want to see
price literally stay open because if the
inefficiencies can stay open or fail to
even touch the quadrant levels and it
starts to rally, man, if you're long,
that's when you want to start adding to
your longs. You want to build in larger
positions. That means every time you
have a short-term retracement, anything
intraday, you want to build that
position up. Build it up. Build it up.
Build it up because it's already
indicating strength. And if you go back
and look at what I said on X or if
you've been with me for a long time,
you know, back in 2016 before Trump was
even elected, I said that we would see
3,000, 4,000, and as much as 5,000 gold.
And go back, if you're a student of
mine, you have all these things in
recording. I don't need to find them.
You have them. And people, you people
were laughing, you know, when I was
saying those things. I said, listen, you
know, before Trump even got elected, I
said, he's going to be elected and
they're going to use him as a fall guy.
He's going to get the blame for
everything. Everything. Now, the only
thing I was wrong about was his first
term. They didn't do it. They They built
this division between everybody. And I'm
I'm getting somewhere with this. But
they built this division and they made
teams. Team Trump, team non-Trump. And
I'm indifferent. I'm neither. Okay? So,
I'm staying objective because I don't
vote. I've never voted. And my opinion
is valid because I'm not part of
anybody's team. I have no affiliation
with either side. I'm not Democrat. I'm
not Republican. I'm not independent. I
think it's the same bird. It's the same
coin. Two different sides. You're
falling victim to it. And I don't
subscribe to it. I don't I don't fall
victim to the left right paradigm. And
you can if you want to be a liberal, you
want to be a Democrat, you want to be a
conservative, you want to be a
hardrightist, you know, libertarian,
whatever you want to call yourself, I
could care less. But those things,
okay, blind us as investors because we
have a sub we have a subscription to the
team mentality.
And it's real hard as an educator to try
to break through that barrier.
And I know that when I say certain
things, people just don't want to
believe it. But in 2016, I said he would
be elected. I said he would be used to
crash the economy
and he would be the one that they put
all the blame on. And it didn't happen
in his first term. And then Knox
obviously, you know, 2020 was rigged and
you can believe whatever you want to
believe about, but they even brought the
evidence out. It's it was cooked.
He won this time and everybody expected
him to come in like the white knight and
fix everything. But it has a different
feeling, doesn't it? A whole lot of
stuff's going on right now. And the
things that he's campaigned on, I don't
see it happening. And maybe you see it,
but I don't see it happening. I see a
lot of things that are unconstitutional
really. And you can be mad about that
and that's not the point of this
conversation, but that idea of
separation
between the normal, what should be
allowed, what shouldn't be allowed. Um,
it's it's it's culminating into a huge
problem. It's a storm. All those things
are fueling gold.
Nobody trusts their money in banks.
Nobody trusts their money just sitting
in like money market or CDs because
you're not getting any interest. And
nobody's trusting the dollar anymore.
Not in the US, not abroad. And the BRICS
nations are working towards trying to
develop a gold back currency as a
replacement for the green back their
dollar because it's the global reserve
currency. and they're really trying to
remove that and I personally think that
it's going to be successful. It may not
be bricks nations that's doing it
eventually. Uh but they have the best
advantage in my opinion if anybody does
at this moment but eventually the dollar
will be replaced with something and
that's what we're watching. We're
watching the deconstruction of that and
all those things is what I talked about
in 2016 before he even got elected. And
look around it's happening. I said we'd
see military in our streets. We're
seeing military in our streets. You
know, we're we're going to see worse
things than that. And all of that
uncertainty is putting more emphasis on
securing it, money, wealth in gold and
silver is the poor man's gold. And we
have just breached the Hunt Brothers
debacle where they cornered the market a
long couple decades ago. Uh it was
before I started trading, but we're in
we're in alltime highs there, too. And
that market can go anywhere, man. Like,
you have no idea where silver can go. I
don't know where it can go. I just know
I'm not trying to pick a top in that
market and I'm not trying to pick pick a
top in the gold market because nothing
has changed. In fact, everything that's
led up to right now, it's gotten worse
and it's on the horizon potentially even
getting more worse than that. So, I'm
not trying to be a Debbie doomer
gloomer, but you know, as an investor,
you have to be able to weigh these
things and not lose your mind over the
emotional sides of it. You know, don't
don't come at me because you're a
Democrat and you think I said something
to offend you. Don't come at me as a a
conservative and say, "Well, you should
have did this and can't you see Trump's
doing I could care less." Okay? I really
don't care. I I I'm not going to lose
any sleep over it. I don't care if oil
goes to $250 a barrel. I'm still going
to drive eight cylinder cars. I'm going
to drive vets. I'm going to none of this
is going to affect me. It's not going to
affect me. Okay? I will find a way to
outpace all their I ain't
worried about it. But the point is is if
you're trying to learn how to do this,
you have to have a perception that's
outside the normal realm of retail. And
even if you understood an imbalance in
price action, even if you understood um
you know valuation and price action,
leaving inefficiencies open like this is
exactly what you want to see if you're
bullish and when prices is going lower.
If it's leaving inefficiencies open and
it doesn't come back up into them, if it
can't even touch the lower quadrant when
you're bearish,
that's really bearish. Well, in the same
sense here, just reversing it, when it's
bullish like this, we don't even want to
see it trade down in the upper quadrant
and it doesn't do that. And go back and
look at the tweet. I just said it a
little while ago. So, we're, you know,
we're going to see 4,000 and I don't see
it stopping there. You know, I I see
5,000 gold easy. Like, I see it. It's
it's it's no reason for it not to be
there. There's
a ton of people that want Bitcoin to go
to a million. Okay. And if Bitcoin was
supposed to be this isolation from fiat,
then it should have never had what it
had happened to it last Friday. And you
can hate me all you want about that, but
that's just the truth. That that's when
it should have went straight up and did
another quarter, you know, you know,
whatever percentage you want to call it,
just had an extrapolated move. That's
what it should have been. That's what it
was sold to you as the public. You
you're believing that's what it's
supposed to do. Well, it didn't do any
of that, did it? And I know people now
that lost fortunes in that trash. And
literally some of them, I don't know
these people, but some of them out there
that have traded big time, they don't
they don't even live anymore. They kill
themselves. Now think about that. That's
nuts. You're overleveraged. Your
expectations are too high. You're
punched drunk. And you don't want to see
it any other way. These markets right
now, all of them are in conditions that
could literally wipe you out. And I know
a lot of you listening are playing these
demo accounts because you're trading in
funded account companies where it's not
even real money. And you think, what's
the worst could happen? Well,
in in certain respects, I guess I can
agree with you there. You're only going
to have to pay whatever you pay to reset
or what you you pay per month to keep
the accounts open.
But you shouldn't be going hog wild and
going here and trying to, you know, bet
the farm on everything, expecting big,
you know, lottery wins. Don't do that.
You need to have rule-based ideas and
things that lean on that you can trust.
And one of the things that I found the
most trust in is when my fair value gaps
form in price action, if they can't draw
price down into them and I'm bullish,
I'm wildly bullish then. Like I'm really
bullish and every indication post fair a
gap not being traded into like it does
here. Everything past that on intraday
that's a discount array should be
considered as a reason to go higher. And
you you can see the price action here.
It's just a straight run up. It's
they're not letting this thing go down.
They don't want it to go down. And
they've already indicated down here that
it shouldn't because it's kept at bay.
It won't it won't go to a discount when
this inefficiency right here. Let me let
me move this over so you can see a
little bit easier. This candlesticks
low. This candlesticks high in between
those two points. This candle's high.
That candlesticks low. This portion of
price action should have
it should have
carried the market down to at least half
and then rally. That's a normal bullish
market. That's normal. Can it come all
the way down, fill that in, and go up?
Yes, it can do that. But when it does
that, I'm far less bullish on the
marketplace. I would want something
after it closes the fair value gap in. I
would want something over here, create a
new shift in market structure on a
smaller time frame and then look for the
same event where it doesn't fill in a
fair value gap and then I would resume
going in looking for longs. I don't like
to trade a full closure of a fair value
gap. I like to do that when I'm short
and if it trades down there, that's
where I'm trying to take profits. But I
do not like to buy a full closure of a
fair value gap when it's a buy side and
balance sell side efficiency and I'm
bullish. I don't ever want to go in
there and do that. Look at my trades. Do
you ever see me executing like that?
It's never happening, folks. It's never
happening. You learn more from studying
my executions
than trying to you come up with these,
you know, hypothetical. He's doing this,
he's doing that. Just look at what I'm
doing. I mean, look at where I'm
entering. I'm entering at the best
places at the best time
and I'm looking at areas where they
don't fully close in or I'm entering
just after that's occurred.
That's like the biggest tip and hint I
could give you as a smart money
operator. Like I'm telling you literally
that is worth its weight in gold.
Nobody talks about that. They all want
to see these closures. That's that's
that's not what I I've never taught
that. That has never been coming out of
my mouth. That's never come out. I don't
want to take those trades. I I don't
mean that it can't happen. Yeah, that's
sure it can happen. But I'm not going to
enter on that basis alone. I want to see
it. If it's going to do that, then I
want to see it give me some more proof
that it needs to climb to the upper half
of that inefficiency.
Then give me some kind of a smaller one
minute, five minute time frame shift in
market structure where it gives another
fractal form of this bigger buy side
balance sellside efficiency just done on
a smaller time frame.
And then if it can fail to fill in that
one, then I'll start going in there and
filing order flow that way. But you just
can't go in here and just simply say,
"Well, there's an inefficiency and I'm
going to get real real bullish once it
goes there and I'm going to buy that."
Because think about it, if it's going to
go higher, and you want to be in markets
that want to go higher if you're
bullish. And if you want to be in a
bullish market, you want to be in a
bullish market that's going to take off
and just run and run and run. If you
ain't seeing signatures like this in
price action, you don't have a A+
situation where you're buying strength.
Really, you're just going in there
buying something that is no different
than support resistance. You don't know
if this is going to come down to that
that low of that fair value gap and
bounce. In fact, I'll I'll go so far as
to say this. When it does that, I'm
admitting to you when it closes the fair
value gap in, I don't know. I don't know
if it's going to stop there and go
higher, which is exactly why I gave the
rules that I give you. I want to see it
not fill it. But if if I'm in a long and
I have a stop loss that's maybe a
consequent encouragement or tick below
it and it starts trading below the upper
quadrant, I'll kill that trade. Then
I'll wait for it to come down and and do
whatever business is going to do and
I'll take that loss. It's not it's not
it's literally just like paying an
insurance premium.
It's that's all it is is you're paying
an insurance premium. I'm ensuring that
I'm not going to sit in a larger loss,
but I'm protecting myself and I'm
guarding my mental capital and then I'll
wait for what I would rather see is that
to show me a willingness to come out of
that if it goes in the lower half, it
needs to come back out of that and then
give me some supporting structure in a
lower time frame where it does the same
thing here. A buy balance sell
efficiency that does not fill in on a
lower time frame. Then I'll hop back on
and start building my position up
with half the position I took as a
initial loss in here absorbing that
because maybe I got a bad read on it.
Maybe I was a little too overzealous or
whatever. But I don't ever want to be
buying full closure of a fair value gap.
I I don't want that. I want to see them
stay open. And in certain respects that
that's why you see these nitwits on the
internet when I first started teaching
fair value gaps. They would say, "Oh,
look, it failed here. Look, it didn't go
down there. It really they don't even
realize that's exactly what that's the
best case scenario. And it just goes to
show you you if you listen to morons,
you're going to get advice.
Seriously. And there's so many morons on
the internet right now looking for
5-second fame. They just want to seem
like they know something. And that's
that's the state of affairs all around
the world right now. Everybody's looking
for some kind of validation.
Coming here to this community, you just
plug in and be a part of it. You know,
nobody's trying to be better than
anybody else. I'm not trying to be some,
you know, cult leader. I'm just hanging
out with you and sharing for free things
that I know work. And I prove it to you.
I prove it to you and it cost you
nothing. I'll tell you before it happens
and it it works out perfectly. What
better situation would you want? There
is no better situation. Okay? But if you
come here and you put blinders on or you
have selective hearing or you want to
teach yourself from hearing me teach and
you want to cherrypick certain things
out of, oh yeah, it makes sense to me
there, but I'm not going to use what he
said there because I don't believe that.
I'm not telling you lies. I'm not
telling you things that aren't factual.
I'm telling you things that you can put
your you know,
let me let me hold that phrase there.
You can bet your bottom dollar if a demo
account quote unquote that what I'm
telling you is the market gospel because
when I say it you see it in price and
there's no better indication than that.
So when we're tape reading when I'm
telling you over price action watch this
watch that this is what's going to do
you want to see this when it's doing
that it's the same thing I'm outlining
here. So when we saw this u by side bell
side efficiency bissy fair value gap
this is the biggest opportunity to see
how much strength does gold really have
and this is not limited to just gold you
want to use this same concept anytime
you're bullish anytime you are bullish
on any market if there's an inefficiency
this visual visual in the price action
you want to see what's being shown here
an inability for price to get down there
you want it to saym I PT. Nah, man. You
don't get VIP seating today. I'm going
higher. That's exactly what I want.
That's exactly what you want. That's
exactly what a trader that's going long
or wants to be bullish on a particular
instrument. That's what we want to see.
But you and your limited understanding
when you come to me, you'll see that as
I missed a trade, it didn't give me what
I wanted because I wanted to buy
consequent encroachment or upper
quadrant and it starts to run away.
Well, if it's showing it on a daily
chart, all you have to do is drop down
to an hourly chart, a 15 minutes chart,
or anything less than, and look for
anything that's bullish at the right
time of day. Macro times,
you saw that probably in the notes, it's
staring you in your face right here.
We're covering it in a minute.
Those factors when they come together,
it it's just like the puzzle pieces fall
exactly how they should be. They
dovetail nicely, and then you're you're
on board. It doesn't mean you're going
to do it perfectly. You never have a
losing trade. I'm just saying that this
is what I do when I'm following a market
that I'm primarily bullish on. There's
lots of times when a market's really
really strong or really really weak, I
miss the best entry I was hoping for
because it never even gave me that
price. So, how can that be a matter of
skill? It's not a matter a matter of
skill not being on par. It it means that
if the price would have went there, I
would have got that fill. But the fill
wasn't offered to the market at all.
Nobody was even given that price. So
nobody was given upper quadrant,
not consequent encouragement. It just
went just below the high of that which
is this candlestick's low. So I I really
want to beat that in your head because a
lot of people were asking me, you talk
about gold, talk about gold, talk about
gold. Gold's doing nothing different
than any other market's doing. It's
following the same stuff I teach,
but you have to carry yourself
differently with this market because it
wants to go up. And there was a young
man last I think it was last uh fall or
the beginning of this year. Uh really
really young guy. He was on Twitter
going at everybody. He was short in
gold. Short in gold. Short in gold. And
I was like what in the world dude? Like
what I know he's wasted now. You
probably he probably deleted his channel
off of of social media because it
literally would have killed anybody.
Like there's no way that nobody would
have survived what he was trying to do
with even with a demo account. like
every every demo account that you could
have ever had would have been dusted and
destroyed. But
gold's doing nothing different. It it
still does the same things. But here's
the caveat to this, okay?
Gold is so
manipulated. It's so suppressed. They do
not let this market go to its real
valuation.
If it if it were if it really was
allowed to be at its real valuation,
it would put Bitcoin on welfare because
it's the world's currency. It's the
world's money. Gold. Gold. Only in the
Bible will it talks about in Revelation
they're going to throw gold and silver
in the streets because it will not save
them. You know, we might see that day,
but right now it's money. Right now it's
undervalued. Even after what you've seen
it do, it's still undervalued. Does that
mean it can't have vicious retracements?
Sure, it can have a it could have a
really wild retracement, but it doesn't
change the fact that historically you
looking forward from based where it came
from and where it really should be on
valuation.
It's extremely too cheap. The problem is
is can you afford to buy it at the
levels you're looking at right now and
weather any kind of retracement? That's
that's the problem. That's what that's
what we have to encounter as a trader.
But anyway, when it's down here, what
was the premium array that it would
reach to if it's going to go higher?
This high right here, since this is the
highest wick compared to that one, this
premium array when price is down here,
if it's going to draw up to this high
before it takes that high, we want to
know what levels this wick offers in
terms of grading it. So, we have the the
low, which is the close of that candle,
the lower quadrant. consequent
encroachment midpoint upper quadrant and
then the high of that wick and these
levels are being shown here.
Now watch, I'm going to give you a tip,
okay? I'm going to say this and people
will still watch this video and ask,
"What's the benefit of knowing this?
What's the benefit?" And I I I will say
this part to you right now and it'll go
over hundreds of people's head because
you're not listening to learn. You're
listening for give me a buy signal,
where should my stop be, and where is it
going next? That's what you were. That's
what you're wanting me to say. And I'm
trying to teach you how to read price
action so that all those answers can be
determined by your own experience and
you'll have the comfort of picking that
decision of participating or not
participating based on your own
understanding, not whatever I say. I'm
not trying to tether you or any of you
as students to me. Your graduation is I
know enough to do this without you. I
don't even watch your videos anymore.
Great. That's awesome. That's exactly
what I want. I want less people watching
my videos because that means I'm
succeeding in creating independent
thinking traders. That's exactly what I
want. And that is not what everybody
else wants. They all want you paying
them. Keep giving me ad revenue. Keep
coming to my courses. Keep buying my
All that stuff. It's nonsense.
If you know how to trade after watching
my stuff, there's no reason to come
back. I'm not that interesting. I
promise you. So, these levels carrying
over to the right when price trades up
to them. If now watch if when we trade
up to premium rice down here, that's
this right here. All these moves from
these lows here is this
just shown on a five-minute chart.
That's this right here. So, if it's
going to go higher, we've been bullish
for a while. At least we would try to
see it trade up into this high. That
would be the draw in liquidity, the 481
level. If that's the case, and it's a
wick, we grade that. How can we know
that a move like this is going to come
where it just keeps surging higher? How
can how can we know that's going to
happen? Do you have anything that's
going to teach me how to expect that?
How can we anticipate these really big
extrapolations in price action? How can
we do that ICT? Well, what you want to
do is you want to go and buy this retail
book, okay? John Murphy's technical
analysis of the financial markets. Okay?
And everything in that book, you want to
study it and then learn to fade it. You
want to look at it and say, "This is 90%
likely it's going to fail.
and then look for instances where where
they see price where it went up here
like this and then turned and went
lower.
They're going to see that as resistance.
What you want to do using my gradient
levels.
That's this area right in here. Okay.
So, watch. I'm going to zoom in.
If the market's bullish, and we're going
to say for the benefit of folks that
have not been with me, maybe you're
watching this video, you know, months or
years after it's actually being done
live streamed, this area here, the
market moves off that inefficiency on
the daily chart. Then it comes back down
in the order block here and then
rallies. It starts moving higher until
we get up into that daily wick
in this vicinity right here.
That's this premium wick. So in this
portion of price action on this day
which is yesterday's trading if we look
at that like this
you want to stud your eye needs to be
inside this little area right here.
Soon as we enter that you want to study
how is price reacting when it gets to
every quadrant and consequent
encroachment level.
Here's the tip, okay?
If it can trade through the quadrant
levels and it doesn't stop, like see how
this right here went right to it and
stopped and went lower. If you see that
at anything like the consequent
encroachment or the lower quadrant and
there's no bodies in the upper half or
above the consequent encroachment level,
then this is probably going to have a
turtle soup scenario. In other words,
it's going to come back down and maybe
come back into this inefficiency. Okay.
Now, here's the million-dollar concept.
Okay. This this what I'm going to what
I'm going to show you and tell you about
right now is how ICT literally knows how
to hold on to these big runners. This is
what I do all the time. How did he hold
on to that thousand point slide? How did
he hold on to that 2500 point move here
and there back in Forex days? How did I
do all those things? This is it. You
ready? You sitting down?
Is your pen at the ready? Is your pencil
sharpened? Get with an ICT. Say it. Come
on. The internet might turn off.
Watch
the quadrant here. While we're bullish,
the body was laid over top of it. And
then we had this deep retracement. The
only thing it went down to is this
volume imbalance to that volume
imbalance, which is what I just taught
it to you.
Suspension block. It comes down to it
here and then rallies up. The bodies
stop below the upper quadrant, but
reference that wick. It's above this
candle's high
and it pierced. It's colored above the
upper quadrant. So, anything like this
is consolidation in here for you uh
retail ricks that like to trade bull
flags and be bare flags. This is when
your bull flags will work because it's
indicating the quadrants are being
colored above. It's exploring above it.
Discovery is permitted in price above
the quadrants and they're not stopping
price. They're coloring above them and
then coming back in. They're going above
them and coming back in. But if you look
real real close,
the quadrants are supporting it as a
discount
below. Look at the open on that candle
there. They wick just a little bit above
it here. All of this consolidation
around it. Look at the bodies coalesing
around that
encroachment.
We stop it here. Trade back down in and
then boom, they let the cork out of the
bottle. Bang, it's gone.
And if it's doing that in a market
that's really really bullish after
creating something like this where we
have a a big buy sell that doesn't even
trade to its upper quadrant, man, you
have a javelin like this thing is
leaving. It's it's got someplace to go
and it ain't going to wait around for
you. And that's when you see it release
here. And this is one of those instances
where it leaves the the u
the area of focus which is this premium
wick but when it trades above it this
premium wick acts as what is now at this
counter rate.
So the bodies are laying right on top of
the high of it and then they start just
letting it go higher, higher, higher,
higher, higher.
In your charts that I shared
this morning in Telegram, uh you see me
do this. This is the ICT New York open
kill zone 7 o'clock to 10 o'clock in the
morning for all markets. You can do all
you don't need to trade London. You
don't need to trade equities open. You
don't need to trade a PM session. You
don't need to trade Asia. You don't do
any of that. You can make your entire
career just with this. How can I do
that? I see. That's what exactly what I
want to do. Glad you asked. Swing low,
market drops down, clears the buy uh
clears the sell side and then leaves.
What's this up here? What's this high
versus this one?
High probability candidate for what? A
run on liquidity. So if
old eyes are mine
if if we have relative equal highs like
this and watch the bodies. Did did we
really do the business of laying a body
over top of that high? This was just a
small little shallow run. That means
anything that was up here slightly above
this wick is unfinished business.
Unfinished business is a run on
liquidity that was not completed. It's
just a partial, just a tiny little drop
down and then leave. No, no, no, no, no.
They want that money. They want those
orders. They want that. So, everyone
that's short here that had a stop-loss
and who who would be wanting to short
gold? Look at freaking social media.
Look at them. They're all wanting to
short gold. They want me to say, "I hope
gold goes down." Why?
Why? Why do you want that to happen?
It's a beautiful market. It's telling
you, "Hello, I'm bullish." Why would you
want to talk against it? Like, it's it's
that that's exactly what I was doing
when I was 20. Like, I wanted all the
markets I was focusing on to be dis, you
know, not when I first started, but when
I first started shorting because I
wasn't a bear for a number of years. I
didn't understand shorting. But when I
first figured out how to short, I
thought everything was going to drop.
every time I saw a bearish diverg like,
"Okay, now I understand how it works."
So, I wanted everything and I hated when
people talk good about something and I
was looking to go short. And that's a
sign of infancy. Like, you're you're
really you're not equipped. You don't
know what you're doing. If if anything I
say or anyone else says about a market
that you hope goes one way or the other
and you lose your mind over that, just
get off of social media because you're
not properly equipped to be a trader and
you're not really in a right state of
mind to be engaging and having any kind
of discourse with other people because a
real trader doesn't give two shits what
the other person thinks about their
market or their trade, how much they
make, how much they didn't make. We
don't care. We don't care. Nobody cares
what anybody else is doing when you're
successful. Now, I like seeing other
people successful, but that's a
hindrance for someone that's developing.
But if you have a buy side liquidity
pool that's framed properly as I give
you, this is the right high needs to be
lower than the high to the left of it.
And when it's a buy side balance sign,
I'm sorry, buy side liquidity pool. See,
that would have been an edit point right
there. I would usually hit control and
then M. And that would create a little
marker for my timeline and I'd go back
and listen for that part and I'd clean
it up. Well, I'm out here with a no
safety net. So, everything I mess up and
say, it's it's there and I can't erase
it. Kind of like Twitter. But a low and
a higher low to the right of it, that
would be a candidate for what? It's a
high probability candidate for sellside
liquidity pool being purged. But if the
market's bullish, you don't look at that
like that. But if the market's bullish
and it's left this, you want to see
bodies plunge its way up into that. But
look, they've only did what? the wick
and then it drops down and there's
people out there, you know, looking at u
ICU candlestick method. You try to trade
with this garbage, you're going to end
up in intensive care unit trying to
trade with that trash. The you know what
I'm talking about. The market did not
leave a body up there. So, it's dropping
down. So, they're going to see that as
oh, it's a short and the only thing it's
doing is dropping down into a discount
array.
order block
rallies up
clears it and leaves the body right
there. That's officially running the
liquidity here. But if we look at it on
a one minute chart, which if I do that
then I have to toggle move on. Just do
look at this area right here. Look at
your uh your five-minute chart at 8:15
a.m. Look at on a one minute chart and
you'll see what that rectangle is there.
But it rallies up and that that right
there, this run from here to here,
that's all your model needs to be and
you don't need a job.
Let me say it again slower. If you know
how to frame this setup, which is
something I taught in high probability
short-term trading and scalping, it's
it's a it's a couple videos. You don't
even need to spend that much time doing
anything with it, but then studying it.
These setups appear every single day.
Every single day. every single trading
day. This appears every day and it
occurs every single New York open kill
zone. It may not be a long, it may be a
short, but it's always there. You need
to know where the draw and liquidity is.
How can I do that? Give me a bias. Tell
me how. You seem like you're very giving
today. Well, if you're bullish because
you have something like this, seeing a
situation like this, this is a loaded
deal. Easy. Like it's no B. It's a
no-brainer. Or as Larry Williams would
say in his 70s book, this is a lead pipe
sense trade.
The first time I saw that in this book,
I'm like, what does that even mean?
Like, what does that mean? What's a lead
pipe? It's so easy. It's like taking a a
lead pipe and smashing it in the head.
Like, there's no there's no defense
against it. It's easy. It's like
bringing a gun to a uh a rubber band uh
matchup. like you're going to fight
somebody, but they're going to sting you
with a rubber band and you got a Glock,
you know, fully loaded with hollow
point. Who's going to win that? It's
obvious, right? It's so outmatched.
Well, in my pursuit of finding the best
of setups and framing it, that's why my
stuff is so good because I've spent my
entire life looking for that stuff. I
filtered out all the BS. I filtered out
everything that does not work. If it
doesn't have a degree of precision
element behind it, if there's any kind
of ambiguity, it is not in my
repertoire, it is not being taught by
me, it is not being any no emphasis is
placed on that. And that is many times
what makes me offensive to most people
because they believe in their religion
of what they think their indicators
their their hero that they taught him or
maybe he's passed on and he's moved on
in the afterlife. But they they
subscribe to these views when what I
teach and I show and I can do and my
students do. We rip the out of
everything. There's nothing out there
like this. There's nothing literally
nothing like this.
And it's impatience on the students part
when they come here because they want it
to be easy and they want it to be fast
and they don't like when I talk like
this. But this is how you get that
understanding. You have to know why
you're looking at this. What's the
benefit? How should I look at it? When
should I expect it? Notice I'm teaching
you time. I'm always talking about time.
Notice I'm also talking about psychology
and the right way of thinking about it.
Every time I talk, I'm doing that.
But you're looking for buzzwords. And
you're looking for how you think you
should learn. And that's someone that's
a self-taught mentality. And you can go
out there and try to teach yourself
trading, but you're going to come back
to me because you didn't learn well. You
won't be able to teach yourself. How you
going to teach somebody when you're
ignorant? And if there's somebody you're
trying to teach as yourself,
you're you're literally saying that your
ego is telling you that you know enough
to know how you should be taught. Then
then don't watch me. Don't watch
anybody. But no one's going to give you
the skinny like this. They may give an
opinion, but I'm telling you before the
fact. And all you have to do is watch
how I do it on Twitter, and I tell you
exactly what's going to happen, and it
does it. Now, I'm not promising you that
I'm going to do it every time, every
day. I don't do that. When I feel
inspired to do it, then I'll do it. If
it's so overwhelmingly obvious, then
I'll do it. When it's really, really,
really likely that I know that if I say
something,
most of you are probably doing what I
tell you not to do, which is trade. And
then you tell me, "Look at I made ICT.
Thank you so much." I don't want you
doing that. That's why I don't do it
every day. That's why I don't live
stream and tell you exactly what's going
to happen because that gets in my head.
I don't want to incur risk for you
because I know you're not going to
listen to me. You're going to see me
talk about something that's bullish and
you're going to overlever your account
and you will not
have the wherewithal to stay with the
idea where if I was doing the trade, I
probably wouldn't have that many
contracts on. I would have a stop-loss
on. And you don't have that experience.
So, you're gonna hurt yourself and then
you're gonna send me in a sock puppet
account or in emails. Threats in my life
and you're going to do this and you're
gonna do that and I'm gonna tell you,
"Come over here right now, and I
will kick your ass and blow your ass
away." There it is. I You get threats
all the time from these crazy people on
the internet. It's how it is. That's how
it is all the time. So, to protect your
sanity and my time, I manage everybody's
expectation at what level I'm
comfortable with. So when I tell you the
market's going to respect this level
here. Watch this right here. Focus right
here. And then here is the opposing
side. This is where it's going to go to
after it does that. That's the
framework. That's how I teach. Now
everybody else
that doesn't like me or I'm killing
their business, they'll come at me and
say, "He didn't tell you to get in. He
didn't give you a stop-loss. He's not
doing anything." But you don't even see
them doing that consistently. And I'm
telling you, if you're worried about
that type of stuff or the opinions of
others, that's going to be a a detriment
to your development. It literally will
be a detriment to your development. So
having realistic expectations,
having no money on the line, that's how
you learn. Anybody that tells you you
have to put some money on the line to
learn this is an absolute ass clown.
They don't know what they're talking
about. They are literally just trying to
sound like Billy Bigballs. And I'm
telling you, nobody gets this level of
understanding and comfort by risking
money in the beginning because you're
you're you're imposing the complication
of right or wrong as an outcome filter.
You're not going to walk away from the
development aspect that's available to
you. If if you're worried about whether
you're going to be right or wrong on the
outcome, and that's because you're
putting money on it. You have to be
bored out of your mind because you do
this so many times. You've done it so
many times. You do it all the time,
every single week. It's same process.
Routine, routine, routine. And looking
for this type of framework here. This is
an easy breadandbut model that everybody
can do. But see, when you see this and
it goes right here and that's the end of
the trade, you look at all this and
you're thinking, "This is a stupid
model. Look at all the money I left on
the table." not realizing that you
didn't hear what I said. This model here
is an everyday model. Just like your
job, when you go to work, you know, when
you sit your ass down, give that person
that is now enslaved you and you
prostituted your life and time to them,
you gave up time from your family. When
you've done that, you know if you submit
yourself to that amount of time and you
punched the clock at the right time and
got there earlier or got on time and you
punched it out when it's time for you to
go home, you know you just now logged in
X amount of dollars for your time. Okay,
just as good as that's going to show up,
that's what these do every day. These
setups form every single day. That same
level of continuity and consistency, you
can expect that formation in price
action. 99.999999%
of everybody in retail, everybody in
retail, they don't have that confidence
because they don't know what the hell
they're looking for. They're
reactionary. They react to price. I am
not reacting to price. None of my
students are reacting to price. We are
react reacting to everybody else's
opinion of what we're doing because they
think they know us and they have no idea
what we're doing or who we are. We
literally own this show. We own it.
Look at Look at what my students Oh,
forget what I do. Forget it. Okay,
forget it. And yes, I'm on my high horse
because I don't give a whether this
pisses you off or not. I got to get it
off my chest. I was driving in a car
cramped up. Okay, I got to let my legs
run a little bit here.
My students,
people that have sat down and said, "You
know what? There's a lot of things said
about this man."
And I could waste my time listening to
that or I can just take the evidence
that's presented to me and wait in my
own hands. If it's Photoshop, then it
can't be Photoshop if I tell you before
it happens and over 720,000 of you watch
it happen in your charts live.
How many times have I come out here and
got it wrong? Give me two times where I
ever did that. You can't find it. You
can't find it. And nothing ever gets
deleted.
Nothing never gets deleted. And now,
see, you watch me because I'm the oneman
show. But I have so many students out
there that are doing it, too. They're
doing it, too. And they are growing.
They're going to become pillars in this
community. Not my personal community,
but the community as a trading industry.
They will be pillars.
And the way you look at me, you will
look at them in the future, too, because
they're learning how to manage themsel.
They know what they're looking for and
they don't care what ICT is doing. They
don't care what new thing ICT is
teaching. They have found their way and
they have said, you know what?
Yes, he might be teaching new stuff.
Yes, it might be great. It might be
highly precise and he may be able to do
this, that, and the other thing. Back
flips and flames shoot out of his ass.
But the bottom line is this. I am making
money with what I've learned and I don't
need to do anything else. I'm
comfortable and I'm content. And that's
why I teach and I've said it at the
beginning in baby pips days. Learn to be
content.
That is something future and it's also
something current all the time. Whatever
your progress you have right now while
learning under me, whatever that is at
this moment, be content with that
because you're learning at the right
pace. Even if you don't think you are,
you are learning at the right pace.
You want to be able to go out there and
get 500 handles, thousand handles. You
want to buy and sell. Buy and sell. Buy
and sell. Go directions. O all over the
place. You want to do all those things.
But what you don't realize is I am not
doing that every day. I'm not doing that
every day. I'm living my life. I'm doing
whatever I want to do. And then when I
feel like I want to sit in front of the
charts, I know if I sit down in front of
the charts, I know I'm going to find
something.
And to prove it's not contrived or made
up or cherrypicked or photoshopped.
Gambler. The bottom line is this. I put
it out there in the ether, one-sided,
clear, to the point, levels defined, and
we all watch on a short leash. It gets
walked like a dog. Now, I could
I could be that 20-year-old me. Could.
And I could grind all of you little ass
hats on a daily basis and you would
really hate me. But I don't need to do
that. I don't even need to. I do this
part-time and I'm killing all these
other guys. So the bottom line is this.
You have to subscribe to whatever
starting point you want to reach for
that's realistic. If it's silver bullet
that model, which is very simple, it's
time based. You're only looking at one
hour of time. You're waiting for 10
o'clock in the morning, Eastern time,
and you're waiting for this type of
scenario here. I got to I got to put it
on a one minute chart. It's driving me
nuts. The idea of simply waiting for one
setup, one little framework of of of
price action within a defined range of
time, very very specific element of
price action that is limited to just
one specific thing. See how even the
candlesticks on the one minute chart
didn't lay over top the high. So this is
that that this is that uh buy side
balance sell efficiency on one minute
chart. So unfinished business in your
notes anytime at liquidity pool when
it's bullish if buy side's been taken
but nobody's been left above it it's
unfinished
expected to come back for it again. That
right there folks that right there and
what I taught you about when to
anticipate the run through when it's
aggressive and it's going to just
explode up using the the quadrants.
That right there is worth more than I
charge for mentorship.
And I am not bullshitting you. That is
the bee's knees, man. I'm telling you,
if you understand that, you go back in
your charts and look at it, study it,
collect that type of information every
single week. Really build an evidence
log of these things happening and you
will see what I just gave you is the
absolute undeniable facts.
It never deviates. It never fails. That
stuff is always a constant. And that
right there also tells you that these
markets are algorithmic. It's an
algorithm. It is literally doing Listen,
if it was all buy and selling pressure,
if it was all buy and selling pressure
would not agree with every PD array that
I've ever created.
It wouldn't agree.
They would not be dancing on the rhythm
and the stepping stones that my PD
arrays give it.
But the the only deviations are the
inefficiencies don't get fully closed
in. And that's exactly what I'm looking
for. And that's exactly what I'm
teaching you to look for.
How's that failure?
It's not. It's perfection.
It's scary, isn't it? It's almost like
it should be illegal.
How much time is going to keep going on?
This guy keeps getting it right. He's
creating too many freaking millionaires.
He's creating monsters.
Why is he yelling?
Because you're bored listening to me
rant. You're not teaching, dude. You're
so annoying. Get up the road. I ain't
got time for somebody like you. You're
too close-minded. If you don't want to
jump in the plasma pool, get out of
here. Okay. See you later.
So anyway, this is the pattern. This is
an all day, every day. It's going to be
there 365 days. If the market was open
that many times, you'd see it every day.
you would see it every day.
Why wouldn't you want to explore that?
Why wouldn't you want to take that
challenge and see if it really does
exist every day?
Some of you might want to take that
challenge and some of you might grow in
your understanding just by doing that
alone. That's how I get you. I get you
just like that. I put it out there and
you don't want to believe it and you
want to find me as a liar, a fraud, a
scammer and then you can't and you send
me an email. Man, listen dude. I just
made this much money doing what I
thought that you were talking on your
ass and it wasn't. Couldn't be true.
Couldn't be true. I was convinced it was
Photoshop because somebody said it was
Photoshop because they can't do it.
Because they can't do it. It's too good
for them. And then guess what? Guess
what, Vegas? That's a compliment, baby.
Thank you. Thank you. Keep chilling
those codes to get that money,
boy. Because I ain't got to do none of
that stuff. I ain't got to do none of
that.
I know you heard me.
I know you heard me.
It's all compliments.
Anything they said about me or my stuff,
it's always a compliment because if they
say they don't believe it, it's too good
to be true. And I tell you, that's how
it's going to be.
When it's in your own hands,
your friends and your co-workers are not
going to understand the bounce in your
step. When you're walking
through knowing that your time here is
going to be short and sweet and you're
going on the road, you got you're going
places. You're not staying at that job.
You're not staying there. That's not
where you're supposed to be. But that's
a right now need. You have to pay your
bills. That has to happen. But when you
know that this is in your hands and you
can make it work and you see it working
daily,
man, there's a spring. There's a bounce
in that step. There's a rhythm in your
stride and you start strutting. You got
to check yourself once in a while.
You're walking to the cafeteria. It's
lunch time and all of a sudden you're
swaying. You're bouncing. Oh my
goodness. I know I ain't gonna be here
much longer. This guy, look at this guy
over here. He's looking at me, giving me
that look like, "Yeah, yeah, you're
gonna be here just like me." The rest
are like, "No, I'm not. You don't know
what I see. You don't know what I'm
doing behind the curtain. You have no
idea what I just did in the
marketplace." And that's just one of
many things that's going to repeat and
I'm going to bounce my ass out of this
job. I ain't got to be here. You all
have to be here, but I ain't got to be
here. I'm here by choice. I'm here by
schedule only. And the schedule's about
time to change. and my ass is floating
up on out of here to Easy Street. And
ain't nobody hold me back. None of these
people hold me back. Your paycheck's a
offense to me. I don't ever want
to see that little bit of money ever
again in my life. And I don't have to
because I can cut my own paycheck. I
could do this anytime I want. That's
what's going to happen to you. That's
what's going to happen to you. And the
weaker side of you, the weaker side,
will let it bleed into social media.
And that's your mistake.
Then it becomes counting pockets
and not precision, consistency, and
wealthb buildinging legacy.
That's the trap.
That's the trap.
And if you can control yourself and mind
your own damn business and keep
everybody out of your business,
you have a greater chance of succeeding.
But if you don't do that, and it's hard,
folks. It's hard. It's really, really
hard because when you start seeing
things happen for you.
It's hard to sleep.
It's hard to think about anything else.
Your job is affected. Your relationship
is affected. Your parenting is affected.
Your health could be affected.
And if you get really excited and you
can't sleep because you just can't stop,
think about the opportunities that you
now have control over. And yes, I said
that right. You have control. You don't
have to get in here every single day,
but the model's going to appear every
single day. Find that in any retail
logic. It's not there.
It's not there. But they got every
excuse to tell you why. Well, you know,
the market's random. That's why, you
know,
that is some nonsense. And I love it
because that stuff is who you eat.
That's what's on the menu. Retail.
Retail. The other white meat. Remember
that ad? Pork the other white meat.
Yeah, that's what it is. We're all
carnivores. Nobody's a vegan trader. You
either are eating or you're eating.
That's the way it is. There's no vegans
here.
No vegans. You must consume and eat. And
unless you have a way to hunt, stalk,
and eat,
you're the prey.
You're the one consumed. You are the
mark. You're the liquidity.
And if you can't find the liquidity in
that chart
tag, you're it.
And that's for every market. That's for
everything out there that you trade.
I don't care about whatever willy
vanilly pattern, whatever the horseshit
that you out there believe makes these
park markets go up and down.
you are going to fall victim if that's
not true in your own hands, in your own
model, your way of thinking. If you're
not thinking that way,
you're not equipped.
There's there's no Mr. Rogers approach
to this, folks, there really isn't.
There really isn't. And as much as I
tried my life to come up with a way
where it could be just very uh
civilized.
Losing money makes you realize it's not
civilized. It's war.
It's carnivorous.
It's brutal.
Guess what? You need to see it that way
because until you do, you're not going
to respect the risk. You will not
respect the risk.
So anyway,
let's go back to five minute chart real
quick and get this part over here
because I got one more market to talk
about and then I got a scadattlele.
So the uh
the market
uh uses the uh
macro time here
right there. And if I'm not mistaken, I
had it on the one minute chart when I
put it on there. I guess. Yeah, there it
is. Equities real time regular trying
I'm sorry, regular trading hours.
That's this right here. If you are a
gold trader, okay, and you don't put
this information on your chart, uh
you're you're trading blind
and it's information that you need to
have. Okay. Uh there's there's several
opening prices that I think you should
have. This is this is the part when you
grab your pen and write down. Put the
Doritos down. Grab your pen and write
this down. Every midnight opening price,
Eastern time, whatever asset you trade,
you need to know that price. You need to
know the 9:30 regular trading hours
opening price when the opening bell for
the stock market starts. Uh that's this
one here. So, it's 9:30 in the morning
Eastern time.
And just, you know,
label whatever you want to label it. Uh
if you want to keep a a worksheet or
workspace in your charts that you just
want to have these only on a chart,
that's the best way of of organizing
these types of things. Um like opening
prices just like that and then put your
date on it.
I have all this stuff in a notepad. The
the question I get a lot is, can you
just show us your notepad?
It's the things I showed you in a chart
today. I just have those in a numerical
list from the highest price down to the
lowest price and I just write down in
shorthand what they are to me and I what
one I think by my own experience is
going to get tagged. That's it. That's
all that's all that's all it is. I
promise you there's no secret formulas.
There's no uh expressions in algebra,
you know, coming up with some kind of
calculus, you know, result of here it is
trigonometry and uh you know, all higher
forms of math suggest that this is the
price high and low. It's not that's not
what it is. It's every one of these wick
prices
and their specific quadrants. That's all
I'm writing down, folks. That's all it
is. I promise you there's nothing else
on there but a doodle. Sometimes I'll
draw, you know, and and that's it.
That's all I'm doing. I don't look at a
chart with lines on it unless I'm
teaching you. I like looking at the
chart naked with no lines because it
allows my subconscious to pick up on new
information. In the beginning, it's
advantageous for you to put these levels
on your chart, but I also know your
concern for having too many things on
your chart is
it's it's it's
Well, it's a real argument to consider,
but the way you balance it is on Trading
View, you can just create a workspace
and you want to have like your openings
at 9:30 Eastern time and then then date
them.
Don't worry about how far back you got
to do because it's easy to go into the
the object tree and then turn off the
ones that's gone past a month or so.
Okay, you're going to tell me that you
got to have 20. Yeah, 20 is good.
You're going to see a lot of things by
having 20 days worth of regular trading
hours opening prices on your charts.
You're going to see you never seen
before. You're going to like, "What in
the world? That was there. All that."
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Midnight Eastern time,
9:30 in the morning, 6 o'clock reopen
time,
all assets. Yeah. But Forex, I didn't
say anything about that. I said this is
the time you have on your chart. five
o'clock PM and 4:14 PM Eastern time.
Okay, that's enough for right now. You
don't need anymore.
That alone will start giving you X-ray
view of price moves that you've never
seen before. They're there. And the
model I just outlined here, that little
simple little cracker jack of a, you
know, model where it's just simple
unfinished business,
it repeats every single day off of one
of those opening prices, too.
Oh no, he just did it again. He just
gave away Yeah, I did. Wait till you
Wait till you get the books.
What in the world? The candy store. I go
into next. Yep. That's what it's gonna
be like. It's gonna be like just like
that. So good.
So good.
Can't wait. But anyway,
here's the equities opening price here
and it trades down to that and you get
that run here. But then
let's scrunch it up. Can you tell I'm
having fun? I miss talking to you guys.
My wife's not here so I can really cut
up with you. She usually she'll give me
the hairy eye if I'm like that. she's in
in the anywhere in the house, she'll
come around and she'll be like, "Is that
necessary?" I'm like,
"It's ICT necessary." It is. It's it's
it's definitely necessary. Yeah, it has
to be done. But we see it trade down
into the macro of 2:50 p.m. 3:10 Eastern
time. Now, let's let's zoom in here
because I really want you to see
this candlestick comes in at 3:08. So, 8
minutes after 3:00 Eastern time. Um, but
this is gold and it's the last trading
hour of equities, right? For regular
trading hours, gold's going to behave
just like this when it's animated.
Now,
normally when there hasn't been so much
fever around gold, you wouldn't see big
runs like this, but you would get some
kind of a little setup that can be
traded on a 15-second, 30 second, one
minute chart, five minute chart, that
type of deal. But don't expect like big
big huge payouts. But because it's so
animated right now, because it's so
like energetic, it's trying to get
somewhere and it's moving a lot, you're
going to get these really nice responses
like that. Like I mean, look at that.
That's a beautiful response. What do you
think that is right there? What is that?
That's that what high probability
candidate for a run on liquidity.
Here's an inefficiency. We trade down
into it. Can it get to consequent
crochet? Well, you can see it without
having any fib on it.
There's the halfway. Here's quadrant
upper. Did it touch it? Nope. And it's
rallying
this easy draw.
Hits it.
Not yet. Right
there.
Keep your eye on this down here. Okay.
Boom. There's that larger fivem minute.
Same pattern
flat top right here. Easy, easy sucker
play. This is when the bull flag guy is
like, "Yeah, it's going to go higher."
comes right back down to that D level
right there. That was a sound effect
with my tongue. Okay, don't send me
message messages. I heard ICT just let a
fart.
There we go. And it just keeps going
higher and it gets up to this level here
and it comes all the way back down
to some random 9:30 opening regular
trading hours price again. Look at that.
And then what does it do there? It
sweeps it. It clears out the liquidity
below here and then rallies up
old fair gap. Picks it up here. What
level? This is gold, guys. You said the
doesn't work in gold, right? You
clowns over there on TikTok. ICT stuff
doesn't work on gold, bro. Dude, you
don't even know what you're talking
about. Like, you have no idea what the
you're talking about. What's this
price say right here? 4,116.5.
Oh my goodness. What is the price low on
that?
>> To the tick.
To the tick. Elliot wave.
Tell me something.
Dan
talk to me.
Supply and demand. Where art thou?
Woff.
Please
tell me something, baby. Because Ajax
ain't got nothing on me. I'll put
something on your ass that Ajax won't
rub off. And it's called precision. You
can't touch this with anything else
out there. It ain't there. Nowhere to be
found.
This guy loves himself. He talks about
this stuff like he's
rockar. No,
but when you live 33 years with it and
you see it and you know like the back of
your hand and these out there
that don't know what they're talking
about entertain you and you just want to
remind them that they know nothing. You
know nothing
now. My students are learning. The least
of my students could ragdoll these guys
that got here and talk
And I just come out here once in a while
just to remind you. Just to remind you,
it's by choice. Anytime I want. Anytime
I want. But there's a trading
competition. ICT. You ran away. You went
up to Maine. There's people saying I
didn't go.
your competition. In one
trade, I killed everybody cumulatively.
Where the are you at? your
leaderboard. your leaderboard, you
That's right. That is right. Talk it.
Talk it all you want. I'm walking it,
Anytime I want. Here's what the
market's going to do. And we all watch
it.
Done.
When's it wrong? I'll let you know. I'll
let you know.
So anyway, gold it apparently works in
gold, but I'll leave it up to you to
decide. It's up for it's up for debate
for now. I'm going to suspend my
argument on it and say I believe it
works in gold, but it's up for you to
determine there's any ability to or not.
Okay,
NASDAQ.
All righty. And then we're going to go
to uh is one man? Yeah. NQ.
Yeah.
Tuesday
the night right there. Okay. I'll zoom
in in a minute. Just right now. I just
want to have a little bit of data on the
chart.
Some of you guys are offended.
Did I Did you just say the f word? Yeah,
I did. And I repent every time I do it.
But I'm I'm a sinner just like all of
you. Okay. Bottom line is this. Daily
chart last Friday literally controlled
demolition. Okay. I'm going to say
something to you, okay? And I want you
to just think about it. Not not just
hear me here and come up with your own
conclusion right now while the live
stream's going on, but I want you to
think about it the rest of the week.
Okay?
What time of year is it right now?
It's in the fall.
In the fall,
stocks generally make a low
and then they go higher
into some measure of usually the last
week of January, maybe the first or
second week of February and then it
creates some kind of short-term interm
high and then starts either if it's a
bearish at that point, then it starts
working towards the April May highs and
then this works its way down through the
summer into the fall lows. But we're in
a market that is being propped up. It's
primarily bullish. No one can argue
against that.
But if it's in a primary bull market, it
can't trade down to a fall low like we
would expect in a normal, you know, nonp
parabolic, you know, bull market. So,
wouldn't it be suspicious
to see how on one day they did a
controlled demolition just like 9/11 and
then
now we went up here yesterday and now
we're right here and they used this old
discount wick low perfectly delivered
there. Okay. And look at this
candlesticks right here. The uh
September 25th. What's the low? You're
going to look at this price right here
on my cursor right here. What's that
candlestick low?
24,422.50.
Okay.
Over here this morning,
this candlestick right here, it's low
24,421.
Even
So it hits it, trades minimum one tick
below it for spread aspect, but look at
the reaction there off of that.
And then we have
this inefficiency which I think if I'm
not mistaken
was
I just messed that up. There we go. Here
we go.
This is this very reason right here.
This is what I'm doing is the number one
reason why I like doing pre-recorded
videos because of my like attention to
detail. I like to have the chart look
exactly like I want it. I don't like to
see half a candle being shown here. So,
I don't like having to zoom in front of
everybody while we're doing it live.
But, this is the inefficiency that you
see on the five-minute chart. and it
trades down into a here.
When we have a wick like this
candlestick here and this right there,
whenever it's a old inefficiency,
I look at this as immediate rebalance
the same way. It's immediately
rebalancing because it's going right
back to the top of the inefficiency,
which is this candlestick's opening
price here. It need not trade down to
that. It's doing the same function as a
candlestick to candlestick touch. Like
in other words, if this candlestick's
high, touch this candlesticks low.
That's immediate rebalance. This is the
same element of immediate rebalance
because it's using the inefficiencies
high as the immediate rebalance. It's
going right down to it like that. And
even though there's a small little gap,
guess what that's telling you also?
Would you want to see that close in if
it's bullish? If you're bullish and you
wanted to see it go higher, would you
really want to see that if it touches
the high of that inefficiency? Would you
really want to see that completely close
in based on what I've been teaching? No,
you wouldn't. Why? Because it's
indicating that it doesn't even want to
give that discount there either. And
that's exactly what I call it a
signature for smart money sees that and
it's like a flag to them. It's like a
big alert. See, you look at price action
indicators and things crossing over uh
becoming overbought, oversold, and
that's a a catalyst for you to make a
decision, an action point for you to
react and do something.
Smart money doesn't have that because
it's all horseshit. What it does is it
knows where price goes below an old low,
there's liquidity down there. They're
not looking at depth of market. They're
not looking at level two. They're not
doing any of that They know that
there's liquidity down there. They're
taking that liquidity, absorbing it,
buying it, and then they're looking for
continuation setups like these things
here. It tells you it's not likely to go
lower because it's leaving these portion
of price action open. What What's this?
Relative equal highs. Right high is
lower than the left. This is a strong
candidate for price wanting to run
through. Same thing here. High, lower,
high. Big big bulletin board. Like going
down the road, driving on interstate.
You see these bulletin boards
advertising gas stations, businesses. If
you're in driving through New Jersey,
this hole of state. Everybody wants
to sue everybody down there. I'm injured
in jersey.com. There's so many lawyers
advertising in Jersey. It's
unbelievable. I was telling my wife, I
was like, "Look at this place. Like
everything here is literally about suing
somebody about a car accident. Did a
truck driver go by too fast? Call us. We
got something we can put on our ass.
Yeah, it's nuts. Well, in price action,
these PD arrays and the signatures they
provide you is like a big billboard sign
like that advertising. This is what you
should be expecting. This is what you're
looking for. But everybody's looking for
patterns. They're looking for individual
candlestick patterns. You know, they're
creating new forms of ranges. There's no
advantage to that. You want a timebased
candlestick because the market is driven
algorithmically based on time. If you
skew any information that is linked to
time, you have greatly diminished your
effectiveness in terms of timing the
market with the process that it uses for
protraction. When the market starts to
run, this is this is protraction where
it just starts to escape and run and it
runs above those relative go highs here
and it continues to go higher. But I
want you to see how it uses this old
discount wick when price was up here. It
opened and traded down through previous
days
low and into the new week opening gap
which is this candlestick's closed and
this candlestick's open.
Go back to a one minute chart.
If you're learning from this and you can
see past the rant because I'm just
having fun. Um, give it a thumbs up and
it'll encourage me to do more of them.
It doesn't mean I'm going to come out
here every day now, but the uh
the candlesticks bodies are respecting
the high of that fivem minute
inefficiency that you can't see on the
one minute chart. See how it's all
muddied up
rallies up and then now look what it's
using here. 24,582.25
upper quadrant of this discount wick.
Okay, so the 25th of September, we're
trading up to
and above that upper quadrant. Look real
real close, folks.
Real close.
We traded to the low of that wick on the
25th of September. Right there. Nails
the low of the day. ICT says he can pick
the low the market. I was doing that in
Forex over and over and over again.
over and over and over again. And they
were trying to say I was using a a a
what's it called? What's it called
again? It's escaping me. A rented white
label server, which is apparently a real
thing. Um, but I never did that. I never
had to do that. Do you am I using some
kind of manipulation when I put it on
Twitter and X before it happens and it
does exactly what it's outlined in my in
my tweet or or post to the very levels
immediately after I post it in the
direction I say it was going to go. How
many times have you seen me do it? If
you were in my mentorship group that
paid me, I was behind a payw wall where
these people would have roasted my ass
in public and said, "Oh, he's a liar. He
can't find a trade. He can't do this. He
can't call the market. He can't do that.
He's wrong all the time. That was never
happening. I was in a high 90% bracket
for years.
And I had to do something with them
every single day. Every single day.
That's unheard of, folks. That is
unheard of consistency. And these
clowns out there talking about
he doesn't have a track record. I
will run circles around you and moonwalk
on your just like that. Okay. I'm
getting older. I just I'm slowing down,
that's all. I ain't forgetting I
know how to do this.
But it hits that low and stops.
And then it rallies up and it does
something strange, unheard of.
It climbs above the lower quadrant of
that discount wick right there at 24,475
and 3/4.
Take a deep breath.
Um, ground yourself. Ready? This is This
is how easy this stuff is. This is why
it's as easy for me to go out here and
to do this. And my students are learning
to do this, too. So, it's transferable
knowledge. It's not me out here talking
all this and trying to sound
powerful, and I love the sound of my
voice, and it's all ego trip. I'm being
funny. You may not like the humor I'm
using, but I'm having a great
time with it, and I don't care if it
offends you.
these quadrant levels whether they're on
an inefficiency like a fair value gap or
um
an actual gap in price where there's no
trading at all or it's a wick which we
treat the same way both of those things
I guess technically would be three
things right no no price at all is a
vacuum block which is no that's a real
gap there's an inefficiency buy sign
balance sell sign efficiency sell sign
balance buy sign efficiency civ busy
those are fair value gaps, their
inefficiencies.
And then you have the candlestick wicks.
We treat them the same way. We grade
them
all. Listen to me. Listen to me. Listen
to me.
I I read I read these on
another channel today. And I love doing
this. If I didn't know what I was doing,
this would really break my heart and it
would hurt me. It would hurt my
feelings. Admittedly, I'm I'm not trying
to be funny. If I didn't know what I was
doing, some of these comments would
genuinely hurt my feelings when they say
fair value gaps are trash. They don't
work. They don't ever work.
And I'm going to tell you young men,
okay? You masters of the fine art of
virginity, I'm going to tell you
something right now that's going to help
you. It's going to help you in your
pursuit of that perfect lady that you
can whine and dine and finally afford
more than the dollar menu at
McDonald's. Here it is. You ready? Every
high probability fair value gap, every
one of them
lays on top of a quadrant that I've been
teaching you since I started back here
again.
Real real close.
What do you see at 24,475 and 3/4? What
do you see?
>> What do you see?
>> Ready? We went down to the low of that
wick
and then it starts to go higher and
pulls back to this quadrant in your
mind. Okay. How's ICT going to think
about this? What's the what's the
internal dialogue of ICT? What's the
inner musing of ICT?
Mhm.
Well, if we rode this down.
Well,
well, Then I can use an imbalance
on the pathway down.
That means Well, this is one right here.
But is it on top that quadrant level?
No, Virginia, it's not. But look,
look. What do you got here? Oh, look at
that. We got this one right here. You
see that? Well,
boom,
boom.
Where's the consequent encroachment of
that fair value gap at the
perfect level on that quadrant? Is that
one thing telling you? Nope.
It all by itself.
No.
It's not.
It's telling you that right here, right
here is that sweet spot and you can
accumulate a long right there and you
need not concern yourself with this
bullish breaker.
If it's bullish, would it want to wait
around to come back for a bullish
breaker? If this is a V bottom.
Nope.
Rips right through it and leaves this
right there.
And YouTube mentors with my stuff in
their mouth will say, "I will really
love to take a trade right here if they
can come back and trade into that
because it broke structure right here."
That is the worst bit of advice
you could ever take from somebody trying
to talk like me. You might have my
words. You might have some of my
vocabulary,
but you have no idea what the
you're talking about. This is what you
want to see when it's bullish.
And here's 9:30 right there. Okay, keep
going forward. What do you see right
there? What is that?
What is that?
Holy smokes. That's that he said.
First, present the fair value gap. Oh my
goodness. I already see. I already pick
it up in the force. The Jedi Knight
knows exactly what's going on. You're
all vibrating right now.
First guy just weapons. It just
happens to lay right on top of the upper
quadrant
of that discount. Wait, ICT cherry picks
the perfect PD arrays all the
time.
It's got to be Photoshop.
It's got to be hindsight. He's got to be
using 30 laptops. He's got to be
doing it. I can't sleep. How is
he doing it?
I love it.
Here is
Oh man, you're going to love
these books. Ready? Here's the low. And
here is
Watch this.
You're going to tell me. You're going to
tell me that buying and selling
pressure. You're gonna tell me that that
just so happens to match the
up
with consequent encroachment. And if you
don't see it that way, here's your fair
value gap laying right on top
of the halfway point or consequent
encroachment of the first percent of
fair value gap.
Now roll that film film footage back
on X when we were trading right there.
I said 24,660
relative equal highs too smooth or
smooth edges to that effect. And I said
watch new week opening gap in here.
That's right here on this candlestick.
Don't take my word for it. Grab the very
tweet or post on X that I said that.
Copy the link to it and then go to
Trading View, right click with your
mouse button when you're looking at the
chart like this, and it'll lay my tweet
right down on that candlestick right
there. And it will say what I just said.
And then the market does something
completely random.
Something nobody on this spinning rock
could have ever known about. They never
could have saw it. They never would have
had the foresight to be able to say it
before it happened. They never would
have said it was going to do this very
thing because nobody can time the
market. Nobody knows what price is going
to do. Nobody can predict the future.
Nobody.
And my middle name is nobody
because the market goes up and trades
right back down to that new week opening
gap high
and does what?
leaves,
takes off,
and then we get first percent fair value
gap. It becomes an inversion fair value
gap because it's civi here.
Now, remember, I'm I'm down here. I'm
calling your attention to 24,660.
So, let's do some simple deductions
here, okay? I'm I'm going to help these
guys that don't understand. When I post
something, it's very specific. It's not
ambiguous. It's not both sides of the
equation. It's literally me saying
24,660 is going to be tagged
and it's going to start and originate
off of new week opening gap high.
There's no way you can twist
that in any other format. There's no way
you can do that. You can't say I'm
looking to go short. You're not looking
for lower prices ICT. You clearly said
you're looking for 24,660 and you're
looking for the new week opening gap
high as a kickoff.
Yes.
Does your chart looks like that? Does it
look like that? I didn't even mention
the first percent because I'm in there
before.
You don't need to be down here. You
don't need to be here. You don't need to
be here.
You can be right there
and do very, very well.
The problem is when you see me teach
this way, you may be doing this really,
really consistently and doing it well
and then you see you're trying to tell
me that you went long here and you added
here and you added here and you added
here and you got out. I want to do that.
That makes you hard to teach as a
student because you're not content with
enough.
Every little bit of progress that you
have needs to be championed in your
study journal. You ch you cheerlead
yourself. You you you speak positive
things about what you're learning and
how empowered you feel by having learned
it. Even if you don't see it real time,
you want to go into your journal and
say, "This is what I see in the charts
right now." Okay? And then you write it
in your journal like you saw it. You are
lying to yourself, but in a positive
way. You're encouraging yourself. Say,
"It would be no different." Okay? It
would be no different if you had your
small son or daughter and they were
trying to do something in some kind of
acti activity or sport and you're going
to tell them, "Hey, look. You didn't win
today, but you did so good. You don't
worry. You'll get them next time. How
the do you know that you're going
to get them next time?" You don't. But
you love that little child because
they're yours and you want to build them
up. You don't look at that as a
lie, but it is. You're lying. You don't
know what the hell's going to happen.
The next time it could be worse, but
you're doing what? You're instilling
encouragement. You're nurturing that
child who you love. Well, guess what?
Until you are a asskicking
one-man army, you're a child as
a traitor. And they have to be nurtured.
They have to be guarded from these evil
pieces of on the internet that
don't do anything but work at 7 and
11 or pump gas.
They got opinions about everybody else.
When you're small and you're
insecure about what you may or may not
know about trading, you're easily
influenced by the opinions of other
people. Even if you know deep in your
heart that they're probably full of
you are hurt by them, by the
things they say. That's why I tell you,
listen, it's your choice. You can listen
to other people's opinion about me.
Listen to it for a little while and then
watch what I'm doing and then see which
one which one holds the weight. Okay?
Hold your hands out. in one hand
and wish in the other. See which one
fills up first. That's that's the that's
the way you weigh this out.
Because if I don't know what I'm talking
about, you're going to see it real fast.
But if I do know what I'm talking about,
you're going to see that real fast,
consistently over and over and over and
over again. And then you're going to
understand, oh no wonder his
students are the ones that
always make the money. No wonder
he's the guy that put these
people in positions where they
no longer work.
But you're going to listen to these ass
these clowns, these people, these
stupid They are
so ate up with misery. They wouldn't
want nothing more to see more people
join their ranks and say ICT is a
fraud. If you are weak-minded
and you don't really want to do this,
join them. Talk all the you want
about me because all that does is bring
more people here and then they witness
what you see me do today. What I did in
October first live stream. Every time I
talk about the market, it's
marching to this pi piper's
tune. I told you I'm not going to come
out here and look stupid now.
Okay? I'm not going to do it. It's not
in me. It's not in my nature to do that
because I know
there are so many people around the
world. Millions of people and I
know it's millions because most of the
comments are left in my uh channel are
left by people that are not subscribed.
And I almost got two million people
follow me now on the viewership
subscription side of it.
I know what I say has weight. I know
it's going to influence a lot of people.
I'm not going to take some guess.
I'm not going to come out here and talk
about something that I haven't already
talked about and taught. So that way
when I say things like I said today, any
student that's been following me just
for
a month would have knew exactly what I
was saying today.
And then you see other people that are
brand new. They're like, "I don't
understand what he's talking about." And
you see other people say, "Yeah, I I was
just like that, too. I'm so thankful. I
understand what the hell he's talking
about. I understand his language." Now,
that's what you get when you spend time
studying. When you listen to the videos
and you take notes, you don't watch the
videos listening for tell me when to
buy, tell me when to sell, give me a
signal, give me a setup, you get the
out of here. Get out of here. Get
out of here. I don't have any interest
in doing that. I want to teach you how
to find this on your own.
That's what I'm doing. I'm not telling
you, here, eat right now. Here's a meal
for you right now. I'm giving you a
gourmet kitchen and a whole
pantry stocked with the best choices of
cuts of meat you've ever had. And all
you have to do is sit your ass in the
kitchen and make whatever it is you want
to make.
Ain't nobody around here going to be
able to tell you you can't eat
on your own time and by your own hand.
That's the power of being able to take
this stuff and making it yours. That's
why I'm here. That's why I'm not getting
paid. That's why I'm not
stopping. That's why I do it. That's why
I do it. Because I know there's a lot of
you out there. You've tried everything
else and you failed because everything
else is
It's all dog and pony show. Sure, they
might get once in a while get lucky here
and there, but nobody,
nobody
is this consistent else. Nowhere. It
ain't no You find them and you
bring their asses here. I
promise you I will their asses up
publicly live stream. Bring your Mickey
Mouse and I will moonwalk
all over you. But they never do it. They
got all these side quest They
Well, let's do this. Let's do that.
all that. Sit your ass out here every
day and tell us what the it's going
to do to the tick.
Then you got a voice.
Now you get either the stone cold side
of me or you get the mild
mattered
well soft spoken and blah blah blah. You
pick what the do you want. What do
you want? You want rocky road or you
want vanilla ice cream? Whatever
the it is, tap into that because I
can do it the ugly way or I can do it
the nice way. But when I listen to
stupid people listening to
dumb sent to me in a
email. I saw this guy talk to
you about talk about you this and and he
talk about man do you even pay
attention?
Do you even listen to the things I'm
talking about when the mark when
I do the reviews and I tell you this is
what I think the market's going to do.
It's going to it's going to do this.
It's going to use that. When I type this
out into a text that's time and
date stamped on X and nothing is ever
deleted or edited. Do you ever
pay attention to that?
Because if you aren't paying attention
to that, then you can't be a
traitor. Like, you're you're missing the
obvious
And that's what I get most of the time
in my comment section from people that
are just wanting to be, you know, spoon
spoonfed signals and setups.
If I believed in my heart, okay, listen
to me.
If I believed in my heart that that
would make you independently wealthy and
you'd be able to learn how to trade by
doing that, man, I would do it.
I clearly know what I'm doing. Every
time I talk to you and show you where
this going to go, how it's going to
behave, I used to sit out here and do
one candle at a time. It's going to do
this, watch, it's going to do this, it's
not going to do that, and it would
do it like time traveling.
There's nobody else out there, folks,
doing that I want to see I want to
see Al Brooks who people say, "Oh, um, I
stole his shit." I
want to see Al Brooks call every
candle where it's going to go. Stop. It
won't do this. I want to see that. Every
bit of respect to the man. I don't know
him. You really, I don't know him, but I
want to see that. I If he live
stream, I would be in attendance every
day. Every day, I would
be there because I want to see it.
Hearing people say that you can do it.
See, it'd be different if I just always
said said said said I can I can I can
and I never did it.
See, if you tell a lie big enough and
long enough, people will believe it.
But when you tell the truth all
the time and you can get out
here and walk that anytime you
want, it's undeniable. It's
undeniable. And that's where I live. I
live in the truthville. I don't live in
some Mickey Mouse madeup land some
Okay? I don't rely on all of you to talk
for me that none of this shit's real. I
can come out here and do this anytime I
want and I want you to realize
that yes, yes,
this is not the appropriate way of doing
it for all audiences. And I understand
that. I understand that. But it pisses
me off. Not because my feelings are
getting hurt, but it pisses me off that
some of you let these ignorant pieces of
tear down the joy of you pursuing
something that if you just took
one day
and realistically weighed out the things
I'm putting out here.
Is there any truth to it? I don't give a
what they say about me. I don't
care. I don't sleep. I don't sleep with
my eyes waking up every five
minutes. I wonder if they're going to
think about that. that I
sleep like a baby.
This is not going to stop working.
Okay, it's not. When the market stop
being traded freely, then it won't.
There's your answer for that. But it
pisses me off that people I just
started. I followed your channel. I've
been watching you for a couple weeks and
I I really like what I'm seeing, but I
saw this guy on YouTube. I see this guy.
He's got videos about you and this that
other thing. Blah blah blah. I'm like,
okay,
I don't have time to reply all of you. I
don't I don't have time to reply. So,
I'm going to say it this way.
before you sit down and you want to send
me an email about the conflicts that
you're having internally about whether
you should learn from me or not. If you
haven't studied
where I'm calling the market and I put
that on Twitter, I did it in
Telegram.
And all you have to do is whenever I
make a post, so I'm right behind that
post, whatever post it is, and say,
"Hey, calling on all paid ICT mentorship
students. Did this guy really for years
call the market in front of you all with
a 90 high 90% accuracy every single day
for years? Or is that just a myth?" And
let them sound off. Okay, that's it. And
collect your information, your your
evidence, your data about what it is I'm
teaching, what I talk about in the
marketplace, and how the market behaves
immediately after that.
You have the easiest litmus test to know
whether or not that I'm a waste of time
for you or not.
And I mean that sincerely. I don't
personally care if you come back and
watch my videos. I don't care. I don't
care.
But it bothers me that I see people that
have such a defeated mindset that they
would give the power of choice, freedom,
and pursuit of excellence to some
strangers on the internet.
That's what social media was created
for, influence, but not to build you up.
It was to defeat you mentally and divide
us all.
And I don't give a about anybody's
opinion about me. I don't care. I know
who I am. I know what I can do and I
know why I'm doing this and none of you
have an answer for why I'm doing it
because you're looking for the there's
got to be an out. Yeah, but you make so
much money in ad revenue. The
I don't make hardly nothing. I I make
hardly nothing.
It's money.
Last Friday smokes all that stuff.
Then why am I making 15 videos a
day? I could listen if I was hungry for
money. Okay,
this has turned into a tour space in
case you haven't noticed it.
If I can make all this money in ad
revenue, why don't I do a a a London
open review, a New York open review, an
equities morning session review, a
London close recap, and then a PM
session, and then an Asian session
video. And I could do all that I
could make the charts real quick and
have it all done in a fiveminute trainer
video and then pump pump it all up.
I got a life, man. I have a life.
If I want to make money, I push a couple
buttons. It's done. It's it. It's over.
It's done.
But I don't have the energy or the time
that I had when I was a younger man to
make all the videos and all that because
I' i've done a lot of teaching. It's
it's on my literally it's on my YouTube
channel.
Then you want to find a shortcut to all
those videos when all you have to do is
just pick one playlist and start with
it. And there's not none of them none of
it is really the wrong starting point
because they're all going to be talking
about the same things eventually
and repetition is is required. If you
really want to know something, you you
need to have some redundancy to it. And
when you talk to these people with the
attention span of anat because they've
been programmed from Tik Tok, it's got
to be 30 seconds or less or you know
they're not getting right to the point.
I'm sorry, dumbass. Okay, but you can't
take something highly intelligent like
this where you're competing against the
highest intelligence in the world who
controls the financial markets of the
entire globe and you want this
to be condensed and distilled down to a
Tik Tok.
Get the out of here. I have no
tolerance for stupid people. And that is
stupid right there. I have
no tolerance for that kind of I
had people paying me and they had that
mentality as students in mentorship. The
2021 group, what the That was the
biggest mistake I ever did when
I when I opened it up for that last year
for 2021. So many people begging,
please, please, please, please, man. I
let that group in and I had a
whole bunch of cryb babies.
Okay. Oh, you you not telling us when to
buy and sell, man. I'm literally
telling you how to get in there. You all
you have to do is do what I'm showing
you right here.
It doesn't change.
It does not change.
It's the same
If a fair value gap doesn't have a
rule-based idea that indicates when,
hear that when. That's a timebased
element,
not where.
Where is highlighted by the
inefficiency, by the fair value gap.
That's a visual representation,
something that you can expect.
How did he know?
I can't sleep. Does anybody know? Can
you help me out? How did I know a for a
fair value gap was going to form there
before it even happened? How did
he know that inversion fair value gap
was going to form there before it even
formed when I did it on the
daily chart of the dollar index?
Holy
I just taught it to you.
I just taught it to you. How much did
you pay for?
How much just got charged on your credit
card to learn that lesson? Oh man, I had
to listen to all this You
could have told us that in 10 minutes at
the end of the video. I have other
things to do. you.
I don't care to know about what your
opinion of me. Every time you
send something like that to me in a
comment, you're broomed. I don't ever
see your again. You say it on X,
goodbye.
You're a low intelligent piece of
You can't see value for what it is. I'm
literally giving you gold and I you
don't even need to thank me. I used to
ask for that. you. I don't need
your thank you. Literally, just go do
it. Make money and feed your
family. Okay, there you go. There's no I
don't want nothing back. I don't want
anything. I just want you people that
are struggling that you you sold
yourself short. You listen to this
world that said this is all you
get and you better be thankful,
man. Kiss my ass.
your job. your college.
your I'm going to make
whatever the I want to make. That's
how it's got to be. You got to get out
there and take it by force. But you
can't be guessing. And retail is a bunch
of guessing. It's academia
wrapped in guessing.
plethora of books on a bookshelf.
books out the ass. None of them
are worth
But I paid good money while working
several jobs to get these books.
And that's the only reason why I can't
bring myself to burn them in my
fireplaces.
I hold on to them for emotional support
because I know I've conquered everything
else.
Nothing else out there can stand
against this. Not even close.
You can't predict your
indicators timing when it's going to
give you your signal. You have to sit
your ass there and react while you wait
and wait and wait and then you react.
I'm anticipating.
I know where my shit's coming. I
know exactly what time them
are forming and I know at
what price. And if you haven't
picked up on that skinny by now,
man, today was your wakeup call.
I know exactly what the is going
on.
And everybody else out there, everybody
else out there chasing their Mickey
Mouse
are chasing
illusions.
That's exactly what they're doing.
They have no system.
They don't. That's not a system.
That's a recipe. I'll give you that. Add
this. Add that. Check pick that. If it
does this, if it does that, and if it
feel like I doing, let's take my then
there. Okay. That's inconsistency.
It's the epitome of retail logic and
thinking.
If the technical science doesn't line up
like this, my ass ain't taking a
trade.
Can you get that?
There has to be something else behind
the scenes. Behind it. There has to be
something behind the scenes. Just
because that fair value gap looks like
it's there, if it ain't laying on top of
a quadrant that can be
classified as I'm teaching you
over a couple weeks.
Real price action
real before it happens level
I did it on daily charts. I've done it
on 15-second charts. I've done it on a
5-second chart, a one second
chart. Whatever the they ask me to
do, I've done it.
But you can't do it this, you can't do
that, man. I've done all that How
about you show me just five days
in a row where you call a move
where it starts and originates and ends
exactly where you say it's going to
happen when you say it.
Because only my students can do
that.
Sorry. Not sorry.
So, yes. Yes, I'm peacocking because I
got some really good emails from
students that have absolutely
crushed it.
Feels good, man. That gives me a
high. I like it is so good seeing other
people that don't give two shits
about being on social media. They don't
need your accolade. They don't need your
pat on the back. Oh, wow. Look at you.
You did that. They don't need that in
private. This is what I've done,
Michael. I learned this. I applied that.
And this is my model. And this is
exactly what I did. Here's the
receipts. Real receipts.
Man, that feels good. That feels so
good. And yes, I'm McJaggering all
around this place today.
Can you hear it? Can you hear it in my
voice that I'm excited? You're damn
right. It feels good because I know what
they're doing and so many other people
that you've watched in public forum.
You can do that same thing and more
and more. You're just starting.
You're just starting, man. You have no
idea what you can do. And I promise you,
whatever you think the height of your
successes can possibly reach, it ain't
enough.
It's not high enough. And you'll
understand that when you get to that
level and you'll be like, "Man, I was
really underestimating myself." You have
no idea the power that's in your hands
right now. You just got to get better at
using it. That's all. That's all it is.
But today is a master class. Today is
PhD level revealing.
This is the that separates
the horseshit on YouTube, Tik Tok,
Instagram, Discord, Facebook in uh
Twitter, whatever, what the it is,
whatever it is you want to name. These
guys and gals out there that pretend and
they talk about the left side of the
chart all the time. All the time.
Now you know.
Now you know how ICT picks the very fair
value gaps. Which one works, which one
doesn't?
And when you read these leaving
comments, yeah, fair value gaps, they
don't work. Laugh at them. Yeah, I'm not
saying you got to go online and troll
and you bully them. That's not what I'm
saying. But just laugh at them.
pity them because this video is for free
on my YouTube channel
and because of their stupidity, their
ignorance, and they're just completely
against doing what's being told to all
of you. Sit down, roll your sleeves up,
and watch the videos, take notes.
And some of you probably thinking, all
this video, all this rant and
and you know, you you're wasting my
time. you.
How's that work for you? Because what's
going to happen is you're going to get
to a point where you feel like you ain't
going to get it and you need to be
cheerleaded. You need to have your
calibrated. And that's what this is for
some of you because I have students that
once in a while smash it and then they
do dumb They go back into doing
bad habits influenced by social media
and they want their corrected. And
that's exactly what this is. I'm
calibrating their ass. That's it. That's
all it is. It ain't for you. That part
of the message ain't for you.
So, when you leave me comments, whether
it's on X or in email or on the comment
section of my YouTube videos, and you
talk to me at that just know
that I'm saying, "Fuck you." And I'm
blocking you. I don't see you anymore.
Like, I'm not losing sleep over you. You
see me slowing down. no. I'm still
the same man. I'm same man. I can come
here anytime I want and do this
Ain't nobody timing the market like me.
Ain't nobody telling you what the
it's going to do. this perfect. But me
and I got students that are doing so
great that I can't wait to see
where they go. I'm telling you, they are
going to be absolute superstars.
Super stars.
And you could be one of them. All you
got to do is for free
study and take notes and take the
pursuit of this serious. Don't let other
people influence you and make you second
guess or doubt yourself.
Honestly, man,
if I saw what I do
in 1992 when I first started doing this
if I would have saw anybody doing what I
show you, well, there's no way.
There's no way it's fake.
There's no way. There's no way
that you can fake beforehand. This is
the level and this is where it's going.
Bang. And that's all it does.
That's all it did is that
every single time this person
says this, this is what it does. Clearly
something's going on. Clearly there's an
advantage here that is superseding
everything else.
It's now set precedents that everything
but this is
And that's exactly what motivated me.
When I didn't know anything, I knew if
anybody on this rock
was going to figure it out, it'd be me.
And I couldn't.
I couldn't.
And then when I said
I will submit
and lay down my ego and lay down my
pursuit of wanting to be somebody
and I'll be a servant.
I may not be polished,
but if you look at what Jesus used all
through the Old Testament as God when he
selected men and women, man, that's
that's a list of people that you
wouldn't expect them to do what they
did. Moses was a murderer.
David was an adulteress adulter and
literally had the woman's husband put on
the front lines so he can be with his
wife. And that's a man that God says
after his own heart.
So when you look at me and you judge me,
you Christians. Oh, look at how you're
talking. Yes. And then when I'm done
this,
his spirit will be laying on me hubby
and I will be repenting
just like you should be doing for
judging me.
I know where my weaknesses are. I know
where I have work to do. And it it never
ends.
But if it wasn't for him gifting this to
me, this understanding, pointing these
things out to me, no man, no man ever
wrote a book, made a video course, sat
me down and said, "This is where this is
doing." This is no man has did that. No
man has ever done that in Jesus Christ's
name. That has never ever ever ever
happened.
But that still quiet voice said, "Look
here.
Listen, I'm convinced that there are
some very, very smart individuals in the
world, very intelligent people, very,
very intellect, and they would never
find these things,
but they're there.
What's the chances of that happening?
And why is it that I'm attributing it to
someone otherworldly and not just me?
Because I could do that angle.
If I was the piece of that some of
you really think I am, I could really,
really use that angle. Being in teaching
circuits, going all over the place,
making millions of dollars a week,
milking all of you, and you would gladly
pay it. H, how about that? I know it
because you're all begging for it in the
email still. I got people texting me my
personal cell phone number. Please, I
will pay you $30,000. I will pay you
$50,000. I'll pay you $20,000 and send
my NDA. Listen, I'm not doing that
anymore. I'm not doing it anymore. This
is the medium I chose.
That's it. You either sit and learn for
free or you don't learn. That's it.
That's the That's the economy here. I
don't need anything from you. I don't
want your thank you anymore. If you want
to tell me you're the greatest in all
time, I am not going to like your post
and I'm gonna set your
focus on God. Don't don't praise me.
Praise him. I don't care if you're an
atheist or not. I don't care if you're a
Muslim. I don't care if you're a Hindu.
I don't care if you are any other
religion. If you praise me, I'm going to
correct you and tell you you need to
give that to God because that's who
deserves it.
That's where it came from. And I don't
care if you believe that or not.
I don't care. I could care less what you
believe.
But as you can see, the market comes all
the way back up
to
consequent correction of this wick.
24,738 and a quarter right here.
743 and 3/4. It it trades there.
and keeps diving
deeper into all of this
inversion fe now think I'm going to
close the video or live stream rather
if
we're in the fall and I believe
everybody in at least this part of the
world would agree that you
We're in the fall and seasonally stocks
make a low in the fall.
What would it look like if we're in a
primary bullish market and the fall low
or seasonal low formed in a bullish
market? What what would it look like?
Putting it I'm not trying to hard sell
it right now, but just think about it.
Couldn't it have done it in one fell
swoop like this and cleared any trail
stop loss below these lows below this
low below this low
below that low and changed where it went
back into the last change of state
delivery here with this down close
candle and then we opened up here and
rallied up and then we had one more
attempt to make it look like it was
going to go lower again today and it
stopped dead in its tracks on a level
that I teach you
discount daily wick low
and then everything has been straight up
since then.
Look how it's just moon maneuvering
around the consequent encroachment of
that inversion fair value gap on the
daily chart.
Look at that. Isn't that neat?
With this time distortion,
it's like a holding pattern.
You want to be trading
not in these periods. You want to wait
until it moves again. It's not a
breakout. You want to wait for it to
start running. When the market goes into
another stage of protraction, then
you'll see you'll see PDAs form again.
and if it's suggesting it's going to
continue higher or if it's retracing
deeper lower
regardless the PDAs that form after
leaving
time distortion you don't ever want to
try to trade in these consolidations
because you're not going to be apt to be
correct in a
limited understanding that most of you
have right now and I don't mean to be
condescending I'm trying to be careful
how I say it because I want you to be
encouraged not defeated. I don't want
you to feel like um
like I'm talking down to you. Anytime
I'm talking down or argumentative, it's
the people that are doubting on the
outside of our community or I'm taking
those individuals that are doubting
themselves to the woodshed and I'm
trying to shake them by the lapels.
Like, listen, stop thinking ass
backwards. You can do this. It's
transferable knowledge. you can do it,
but you're just trying to be unrealistic
with the expectations and the time
horizon you're trying to operate in. You
want it quick, and you can't make it
happen quick. It takes time to study it.
It takes time to look at charts and see
it repetitively over and over again. And
that's why I tell you to warm up to the
idea like meditation.
Meditation is for a trader back testing
and journaling. If you don't want to do
that, I promise you learning this is
going to be harder than it needs to be
and it's going to take you longer than
anyone than you want it to be. Every
successful business, all of them have a
business plan. They revisit that
business plan periodically. They have
board meetings and they say, "Okay, how
can we how can we improve? How can we
cut costs? How can we, you know, be
inventive
creating new services or products or new
ways of doing something?" And by having
a journal, you're constantly measuring
your progress. You're measuring your
KPIs, your key performance indicators.
Every business has this. Every business
that's successful cares about these
things. But when you see these people
that have been brain rot
from Tik Tok and YouTube shorts, give me
everything I want and the least amount
of time because I ain't got time to
waste on you. Nobody worth teaching
anything has time to waste on you. And
you need to hear that.
And I don't give a how that makes
you feel. The level of entitlement today
is off the charts.
And when you care enough about yourself
to say, you know what, I don't want to
halfass this.
I want to do this the right way. I don't
want to second guess. Do I really
understand it? I want to know that I
know that I know. I want every intricate
detail that's made available to me.
Think about it. Wouldn't you want to
learn from any other world caliber
athlete, artist, musician if you could
spend time with Jimmyi Hendris and have
him coach you on how to play the guitar?
Like, wouldn't you want to you would
want to you would spend as much time as
he made available to to teach you
whatever he's going to teach. And if he
wanted to talk about all the times he
smoked dope and all the girls he ran
around with in the middle of life, you
would endure it. You would endure it
because you know that that's something
that you can't get. And that's what
you're all listening to. And I'm not
trying to be egotistical about this
because nobody else has this.
Nobody else has this. If they did God's
honest truth, I'd say go learn from them
too or go from go to them.
But it's not like that here. And I know
because I've taught for three decades
plus.
I know how people think. I know how they
learn. I know how they build up these
barriers to their understanding. And
they do it to themselves. It's
self-defeating.
And most of it's impatience or
unrealistic expectations. And I can't
fix that. That's something you have to
work on. And this society today, these
this generation, they don't identify it.
It's you you have to give it to me and
and if you don't, you know, you're an
You're not worth listening to.
When the reality is is you're not worth
teaching.
You're not worth investing my time in
because you're not teachable.
You need to fix some things and then
come back when you're ready. And then
this relationship between mentor and
mentee is going to be fruitful in your
hands. I have it. I have limitations as
a teacher.
I am cognizant of where those
limitations are and they're external
because I'm not without the desire. I'm
not without the energy level of being
able to do it. I'm not certainly uh
running out of content or the ability to
teach things. I have tons of stuff
and it works perfectly.
So much so I guarantee you people are
scratching their head thinking there is
no way this guy is doing this.
You're right. But I am
but I am. And I have students all around
the world doing the same thing. I'm not
the only one that last Friday just
happened to work out. I have students
all around the world that did
crazy returns.
Hello.
What's preventing you in the future
being a part of those ranks? It's just a
decision. Either you decide that you're
going to do it or you're not going to do
it. And I'm going to leave it to you
whether you want to do that or not.