Hello folks, how the heck are you?
Welcome back. Today is October 4th, 2025
and we're doing a quick review on the
forex market. Usual well suspects are
and the usual suspects being US dollar,
fiber or euro USD, cable or pound
dollar.
All
right, it's going to be easy to go
through these because generally the
market is just held in a holding pattern
right now. So you can see how everything
on dollar is being trapped in between
this inefficiency and this inefficiency.
So by grading them you can see the
pertinent levels here. I have the lowest
reaching discount wick and I only have
this
suspension block
graded
on the right hand side. You can see the
five-minute chart reached up into that
volume imbalance right here. I have the
two dark black lines there and I have a
dashed line indicating its consequent
encroachment between the two bodies.
This candlestick's open, this
candlestick's closed. That's what these
two levels are here. You can see at the
start of
trading
reaches up into
that volume imbalance breaks.
So there's a displacement there. Trades
right back out to consequent
encouragement perfectly.
Then we break lower trading into
the bullish fair gap here.
And then
this quadrant here
we trade down into it there and it falls
short of reaching consequent
encouragement
of the buy balance sell sign efficiency
shown here at 97
58 or 582.
So overall, it's kind of like doing
nothing. And I mentioned this earlier in
the week, which is another reason why I
keep telling you all that keep saying,
"Please talk about Forex. Please talk
about Forex." Um, if Forex is going to
be doing things like this, I'm not
interested in it. And it's going to make
it harder for you as a student to
navigate in that market because it's not
highly liquid. It's not loose. It's high
resistance, not low resistance liquidity
runs. So it's very very difficult for
you to navigate a market like that. So I
try to take your attention away from it.
I my attention certainly diverted to
other markets like the futures market.
But moving on into Euro dollar, similar
thing we have a sell side balance buy
sign efficiency highest premium wick
annotated there. You can see the
consequent encouragement of it here at
1.17562
and the lower quadrant being at 1.17449.
You can see on Friday's trading, we
traded up into
the 1.17562
consequent encroachment. I have it
colored as purple to contrast that
there. Okay? So that way you're not
going to see that and think that's the
same level. And then the uh upper
quadrant coming in at 1.17449.
That's it right here. So really there's
nothing in here that's all that exciting
about Euro dollar. It's not moved a lot
at all. I mean it's really really small
ranges. So if you get excited around 20
handles or 20 pips and to me it's not
worth paying any in mind or any
attention to it. Right. Moving on into
cable. Now this one has a little bit
better structure. So
you can see we had lower quadrant of
this premium wick being measured and I
also did the lower quadrant on this one
just for uh contrast. Okay. So as we
were compressing smaller in the wicks
and then the discount wick being shown
here, you can see that the low is
defined by the upper quadrant of this
discount wick coming in at 1.34
302.
That's that level right there. We have a
shift in market structure. Bu sell side
efficiency comes right back down into it
and then rallies leaving
that
which is the high of this discount wick
and then we come right back down into it
there once more trading into this bot
side of efficiency.
Then it rallies higher. We have a
breaker low high lower low carry that
forward.
That's a breakaway gap
measuring gap and then trading up into
the quadrant
1.34864
and that's the lower quadrant of this
wick here. Okay,
you would still have this in here by by
contrast you can see it. So this is one
objective it could reach for. So words
if it went to this quadrant and went
higher you would expect it to reach for
that one. So that's how we we work
through nested or closely
um printed wicks that are in subsequent
candles.
And apart from that really didn't do too
much at all really. But it had a better
run
about 45 handles or so
maybe 50 handles.
Moving on into futures
and
focusing on December mini NASDAQ
futures.
All right. So on the left hand side I
mentioned this on Twitter yesterday. So
if you look at the uh the posts I didn't
do any live streaming and I mentioned
what I thought was selling at the time.
So buy side of balance sell side
efficiency
here and the market was pulling back
after making another higher high on a
Friday.
And I'm showing you Thursday's opening
range real time or regular trading hours
um
opening range gap rather. That's this
here. So that'll look familiar. And it
closed that gap there perfectly. Then
came right back up to it again there.
Came back down to consequent
encroachment.
Rallied up into some random level in
here and then fell out of bed and then
took out the intermediate term sellside
liquidity pool I mentioned on Thursday's
commentary.
And looking at that rally, it takes us
right back up into Thursday's regular
trading hours opening range gap lower
quadrant. So the labels here are
Thursday's regular trading hours closing
price
Thursday's regular trading hours opening
range gap lower quadrant consequent
encroachment upper quadrant
the opening price there based on
Thursday's trading no opening range gap
is being plotted in this discussion on
Friday's trading when you have these
real big wide gaps like that you
definitely want to carry them forward
and they're going to be utilized the
next day. Especially if you're inside
the range, what between what boundaries
am I referring to inside what range? The
high and the low of that previous day's
opening range gap.
So, just notice how the sensitivity here
like that's that's beautiful. It's not
pivot numbers. It's not support and
resistance.
So, dropping down into a one minute
chart because we were just looking at a
five-minute chart. Now we're only
looking at Friday's trading. So here's
first presented fair gap there and
carrying that forward and grading it.
You can see all those levels. We trade
up into Thursday's regular trading hours
opening range gap high
and we break down. And now refer to
yesterday or October 3rd, 2025's
commentary and the notes I posted in
Telegram and you'll see what these
suspension blocks are.
I'm not going to go over it again here,
but we trade down to consequent
encouragement
of this discount wick.
Carry that forward. We trade up into
first present fair gap
hits all the quadrant levels. Consequent
encroachment, we break lower. We have a
bullish fair gap. That becomes an
inversion fair gap here. And again at
the regular trading hours, opening range
gap upper quadrant. Okay, I saw some
people that were saying I was calling
this level wrong. It's not the upper
quadrant. You don't know what you're
talking about. Okay, that's why I
broomed you off of um X. I I won't look
at your your post. Don't try to correct
me about something I know.
You're just learning about it here and
talk to me about what you think I'm
doing wrong. I'll make mistakes, but I I
know what I was talking about when I was
posting it. So it sells off here
and trades down into the lower quadrant
and then all the way back up to the
higher suspension block. Now this
is shaded not green here like it was
when I presented to you yesterday. It
now it's acting as an inversion level.
So it's going to be a premium array.
Hits the consequent encroachment of that
perfectly and sells off. Comes back up
inside this one again sells off.
inefficiency inversion fair value gap
after this fails and when it's heavy and
bearish that's what we want to see and I
mentioned that we would see the lower
quadrant and then the fair value I asked
on Twitter did you have this highlighted
on your daily chart and is it graded and
we got down to lower quadrant I'm sorry
upper quadrant rather at 24,955
that's this level here. It trades down
to here and gets very very close to
consequent encroachment but says not
today and came off that and closed up
here.
EGIF conditions
we had a high of the week at 25,196 and
a half and the low came in at 24,633
and a quarter. That's this candlestick's
wick and this candlestick's wick making
the daily range. uh boundaries high and
low. And then here is the 20% of the
range. It's 25,83
and 3/4.
30% of the range of the week is 25,27.
And then 40% was 24,971.25.
And those levels here, you can see them
right here. They're shortened and they
don't go all the way to the um hard
right edge. And you can see how they
were delivered too. So TGIF was uh
delivered actually almost went down to
half the weekly range left that portion
with that candlesticks wick that opened
as well.
All right. So moving into the afternoon
all I did was move forward in the chart
and you can see how we came up into
consequent corrosion with that
suspension block that becomes an
inversion level. Same here. fills in
that small little gap right there. It's
too small for me to annotate. Breaks
lower. The bodies are respecting the
upper quadrant. Doesn't come up to the
top of this buy side balance outside
efficiency.
Measure your volume imbalance and then
breaks lower, hits the low of it, and
then sells off and comes right back up
to that same inversion fair gap and then
just hammers and bangs in between 40% of
the weekly range and 30% of the weekly
range. And the river trading hours
closing price from Thursday. And that's
where it defined the range going into
the close.
Now, for the folks that complain and
belly ache to me, please talk about
Forex because you trade CFDs or Forex
pairs outside the US.
I don't know why you're not doing this,
okay? Because you're
able to follow what I'm doing in NASDAQ
with US 100. Okay? So, if you go on to
Trading View, and this is being used,
and I'm not suggesting that you should
open up an account or trade with this
brokerage firm, but Capital.com.
Pull that up for the US 100 market.
Okay, this is the CFD version of NASDAQ
futures contract. It's not going to mark
to market perfectly, but I'm going to
show you here that it's doing the same
things I'm teaching that the futures
market is doing. So instead of
complaining to me and leaving comments
in in the sections of my video where I
broom you, I make you invisible to the
channel. That means I'm never going to
see your comment anymore.
Listen to me here, okay? Because your
time with me learning will be greatly
increased and be much more fruitful if
you listen to what I'm going to say.
Daily chart of the US 100. Okay, same
thing happening here. This is TGIF.
Same thing high and low half 40% 20%. it
had that much of a retracement. But more
specifically first presented fair value
gap it trades up into it there hits the
quadrants consequent encouragement sells
off the upper quadrant of Thursday's
regular trading hours opening range gap
regular trading hours opening range gap
high
let's go encroachment
lower quadrant and the low of the
regular trading hours opening range gap
low and how am I getting those levels on
US 100.
Think about it. Pause the video and
think about how I got those levels
because there is no
regular trading hours for a CFD.
I already taught this before, but you
just didn't listen. You don't listen.
You don't you don't take notes. You're
so worried about what I'm going to teach
new. But the things I'm jawbing about,
that's the stuff where you're really
learning. What you're doing is you're
going to be going into
4:14 p.m. Eastern time where that price
is, annotate that with a line segment
like this one here, the ray, and then
label that river trading hours closing
price for whatever day it is. Okay? And
when you're creating it, you're creating
it for the next trading day. So, if
you're looking at it on 4:14 p.m.
Eastern time on a Wednesday, you're
looking at a Thursday opening range
level. That's how you're going to define
it. And then you're going to wait until
9:30 Eastern time the next morning. And
when it opens up, that's your other
reference point. So, between those two
reference points, that's going to be
your regular trading hours, opening
range gap, high and low.
There won't be a gap. You're just simply
just going to the one minute candlestick
for 9:30 a.m. Eastern time and 4:14 p.m.
Eastern time. And you're going to get
the same information that I'm showing
you here.
And it's the same thing that I'm
teaching with the futures market. Why
are you complicating everything?
And you can see how we delivered down
into
the upper quadrant just like I did in
the futures market. Calling it on uh X
on Friday afternoon. We traded down into
the upper quadrant of the buy side
balance sellside sign efficiency and
then it came right back off that and
trading right near the regular trading
hours opening range gap low from
Thursday's trading. Don't just discard
the previous days opening range gaps.
You're going to see that then algorithm
is still using them. And because this is
going to track the real futures market,
where is it going to get its, you know,
rhyme and reason for where it's going to
go up and down? what that futures
market's doing.
All right, folks. That's it for this
one. Hope you found it insightful. Until
talk to you next time, I wish you good
luck and good trading.